Choose the room you are putting your basket in.
Give the intended recipient a "heads up" (email or phone call) to ensure that the recipient knows that there is a card on its way.
Pick out display bird cages to show off the rings.
You are now a member.
Tap Send now.
Take apart your tree, if possible.
Have some scary or not-that-scary movies handy.
Eat the pumpkin flesh.
Choose to get cash value or trade.
Add additional stuff to add "flare" to your homemade invitation.
Make coupons for family time or services.
Avoid over-consumption of alcohol at parties, pubs and other social drinking occasions.
Make a "wreath.".
Give chocolate to your co workers, or family members.
Commit to your new hobby.
Cut out basic Christmas tree shapes from green cardstock and cut out trees.
Film a birthday video for your dad.
Choose a container.
Mix about 3 cups of the Cool Whip and half of the cookie crumbs into the pudding.
Help the animals.
Show punctuation some love.
Stuff such as photo frames, flowers, charms, jewelry and much more is some ideas you could buy.
Back to the face!.
Do 15 push ups and 15 sit ups each morning and evening.
Make the structure stable by adding a base and support beams as you see fit.
Vote for and choose a destination.
Get a scrapbooking magazine subscription as a gift.
Cover lightly with some more soil and pat into place.
If you are making single-strand mobiles, these can be hung up individually almost anywhere in the home or outdoors.
Buy yourself a special gift to treat yourself on your birthday.
Don't act suspicious.
Place stickers on your egg after you dye it to add embellishment.
Create a website dedicated to each other.
Add more tissue paper, if needed.
Whisk the double cream in a separate bowl, until it makes stiff peaks.
Cut vertical strips in the cloth.
Have a sleepover!.
Wrap wire or string around the trunk to create a loop by which to hook the tree from your ceiling.
Make children feel appreciated.
Chat with trick or treaters and parents when they come up.
Turn back time.
Take the bucket up on DRY sand.
Keep leftovers in their place.
Watch some movies.
Have a cookout by the lake to enjoy the flavors of summer.
Set the table the night before.
Organize your gift bags in an expandable file folder if you only have a few.
Layer the top with the rest of the cookie crumbs.
Create the base of the bookworm tree.
Add more layers in the same way before chilling for an hour.
Cut the paper into two stocking shapes.
Enjoy the sun!.
Go camping at your backyard.
Keeping the children busy shouldn't be too difficult as there is plenty for them to do!.
Host the party.
Receive a confirmation when your card is auto-reloaded.
Take one night and watch a Christmas movie with the family all together, with popcorn and candy.
If you wish to be very correct: Position the leaf at 11 o'clock to represent the eleventh hour of the eleventh day of the eleventh month, the time that World War One formally ended.
Try to affix the decoration to the knot of a fabric scrap, rather than the ends.
Enter your payment information via the website.
Consider buying them treats.
Prepare your snacks.
Use your feminine side.
Follow the directions of the recording.
Add the items to your cart.
Ask her to tell your stories about her life and childhood.
Let your loved ones spread the word for you.
Head to a pirate-themed festival.
Keep on working on those New Year's resolutions.
Leave early.
Take a rectangular piece of paper.
Repeat [step 2-3] until all of the eggs are emptied.
Set eggs aside to cool.
Pack food and drinks.
Draw either a single or multi-figure person in the middle of the triangle.
Choose a stocking theme based on a pattern or texture.
Put clear beads on the wires.
Consider food.
Decorate your house.
Respect the centenarian's wishes.
When giving a gift that has many little pieces, such as Lego or puzzles, to give a container that they can be stored in as well.
Change size and resolution - approximately 1” square at 300 dpi works OK to fill an 8 1/2 x 11 sheet.
Eat meals and snacks regularly throughout the day instead of skipping meals.
Decide on the front yard haunted house theme.
Cut a triangle out of orange craft felt to make the nose.
Secure the date you're planning to leave, and know when you'll reach your destination.
Find some colorful cardstock.
Don a wide-brimmed felt hat with a feather in it (optional).
Turn your own backyard into a vacation spot.
Decorate your main or coffee table.
Take your dad to a sporting event or concert.
Do the tarawih prayer.
Find a suitable card.
Cook a meal for your family.
Hot glue the pinned pieces to the wreath.
Catch up on your favorite TV shows or watch movies - The summer is a great time to watch TV and there are many great shows to watch during the summer.
Create an “S” design over the front of the shrubs to make a random pattern.
Choose the favorite options from your list and implement them.
Set a date and a time.
Try to get an hour or two of sleep at least!.
Watch the fireworks.
Dip them into bucket for 5 seconds or until muddy-looking.
Use the couple’s names.
Buy for durability.
Before you place the console inside the box, remove all the wires and connectors.
Cut the pattern out and trace its outline onto the interior of each card.
Go to a parade on the eve of Epiphany.
Place the strips onto the skull until it’s completely covered.
Write a love letter.
Spray the inside, outside and cut surfaces of your pumpkin with a commercial pumpkin preserver.
Choose Earth Day topics and activities based on the age of your children.
Create a budget and stick to it.
Go to dinner, lunch, or tea if brunch isn’t your thing.
Tell your new partner your expectations.
Go to your local craft store and purchase plain white card, silver paper, silver and gold glitter glue, PVA glue, double side sticky plastic, a small paint brush, cheap silver and gold baubles, thin gold or silver ribbon, tinsel, and some window snow spray.
Unmold the eggs and stick the 2 sides together using heat.
Consider the price.
Ask all gift recipients to be conscious of where they've placed their gifts after opening them if it's a family event, such as Christmas.
Focus on Christmas Eve.
Look ahead to next holiday season.
Prepare your hot glue gun.
Set aside some alone time so you can rest and recharge.
Carefully cut out the card following the solid, black lines around the outside of the shapes only.
Clean away any bristles that could have fallen on the floor while you were cleaning up the spot where the tree was placed with either a broom and shovel or a vacuum cleaner.
Fold the blade to the right about half-way down to make a 90 degree angle.
Purchase themed candy.
Clean out your wardrobe:  First, take out ALL of your clothes and put them in a pile on your bed or bedroom floor.
Decide what clothes you are going to wear based on the dress code of the party, or the venue, if applicable.
Leave the eggs to cool for 20 minutes.
Choose books on running for a gift.
Stop eating when your stomach feels full.
Give a gift that keeps arriving.
Let the water and gammon cool for 10 minutes before taking it out.
Wrap a painted pumpkin with gauze to create a mummy.
Fold the ribbon.
Construct a festive wreath.
Let the hot dogs cool.
Put on the gloves and apron.
Glue candy corn to a small pumpkin to make a hedgehog.
Place the butter in a mixing bowl and beat using an electric hand beater, or a whisk, until light and fluffy.
Put your mooncakes into an airtight container.
Use Mod Podge and tissue paper to create a multi-colored Easter egg.
Prepare another Kiddush prayer for Saturday afternoon lunch.
Ask guests to come in Christmas costumes for a contest.
Decorate around the room with Kwanzaa flags, called Bendera, and posters emphasizing the seven principles.
Bring healthy dishes to parties you attend.
Pretend you're a movie or music critic.
Take a ride on the vintage subway train running along the F line.
Add your designs.
Host a Halloween party.
Pick the Colorado blue spruce for a hardy, eco-friendly tree.
Slow down your speed to increase efficiency.
Exchange gifts.
Put Easter bunnies in eye-catching places.
Buy a lightweight, artificial tree.
Take a welcome mat or pieces of fabric.
Pack it yourself.
Schedule around the weather.
Consider giving the Amish couple nonperishable food items such as noodles, oats, flour, rice, beans, oil or sugar.
Send a reply card with each invitation.
Dress your bears smartly for Christmas dinner.
Decorate cards with stamps.
Find sugar-free or sugar-reduced baking recipes for cupcakes, cakes, muffins and cookies.
Understand the five basic, major prohibitions of Yom Kippur.
Contribute to veterans’ organizations.
After all the presents have gone, (except your bears'), then you can unwrap them.
Decide when to witness the summer solstice.
Exchange BBQ recipes.
Prepare your eggs.
Believe in your wish.
Remember if you have children then get them into the Christmas spirit - let them sprinkle your garden with reindeer dust, help with wrapping the presents and writing the cards, let them join in with decorating the tree, and maybe even track Santa on NORAD Santa tracker on Christmas eve.
Place the canvas tote on an ironing board.
Punch holes to sides of your cards, then weave them onto a ribbon.
Look for some clothes for the baby.
Click Redeem.
Add three drops of blue food colouring to the drink.
Form a triangle out of modeling clay that is the width of the top of your ear.
Take the fat end and loop it towards you back into the square.
Make your own mulch.
Discuss the presents.
Money is always a safe bet.
Pin the outside pieces to the wreath.
Understand the meanings associated with the autumnal equinox.
Press along top edge.
Give uncaring parents-in-law a large photo of you in a beautiful frame.
Verify if the card has been added correctly and has the balance you included at the register showing up in that page displaying all your gift cards.
Read a book.
Read:  If it is raining or if it is too hot outside then you can always find a peaceful spot and read a good book.
Eat a healthy breakfast.
Take the bus.
Pick up a seasonal job.
Acquire a projector.
Know what not to buy.
Plan activities for guests of all ages.
Place the dinner and dessert forks on the left side of the plate.
Check their face and hands.
Draw a haunted house and have it filled with skeletons.
To freeze put uncooked, coated chicken strips on a baking sheet lined with cling film.
Pour the potting soil or soil into a large bowl or bucket.
Teach yourself how to play a musical instrument.
Go out for drinks after dinner if you want to celebrate into the night.
Use scented pine cones.
Hold one unit in your left hand, so that the open part is facing the left.
Get a pair of extra warm pajamas.
Go to a Guy Fawkes party for a fun and festive night.
Visit one of Chicago's many museums.
Give your mooncake as a gift.
Get into the spirit.
Think about any collections you may have.
Research on what makes a person be an Asian Pacific American.
Get an A4 art book and start on fresh clean page, draw a title like "my visual art diary" and then put down your address under a subtitle "if found return to" decorate the page with glitter pens and drawings of things you can draw well then use it like a diary.
Pull the straight edge out towards you a few inches to make the first level stair after you have cut down a few inches into the sand.
Finish off with nude lipstick and a slight wine color lip gloss!.
Float the arm of death in the punch bowl.
Go on a rock hunt.
Attend the Kol Nidre service at your synagogue.
Check her email.
Surprise them with twelve, long stem roses.
Spray the mini muffin pan with the olive oil.
Take small toys with you.
Tell her all day that she’s beautiful.
Apply approximately 9 more layers of liquid latex to your clay triangle.
DIY a couples' sweater out of the front and back ends of a reindeer.
Spray light sunflower oil into a large non-stick pan and fry over a medium heat for 2–3 minutes each side, until golden and crisp.
Ride your bike.
Wrap the bottoms of the flowers with wet paper towels.
Understand that Māori language week isn't only about learning and using the language.
Remove once set.
Send out nature-themed invitations.
Flatten the tip of the tube.
Pack the delivery and return addresses on both the inside and outside.
Using a kitchen funnel(or a sheet of paper folded into a cone shape with a hole cut on the pointy end of the paper will do) fill a salad dressing bottle with the salt/glitter mixture; just up to the the bottom of the bottle neck.
Secure the bar codes to the paper.
Have a picnic.
Balance fruit onto the tree.
Enjoy your haul!.
Outfit: During the summer, lets face it, it gets pretty hot.
If using a nail art brush: Dip your brush in the color of your choice.
Wrap the long end around and around the pentagon, following the edges and the folds.
Participate in workshops and events through your card.
Don't feel sorry for yourself.
Don't stop once you get started.
Stuff the trunk you folded earlier into the pocket at the bottom of one of your fabric triangles.
Look into the 100 Māori words every New Zealander should know.
Read up on where you're going.
Choose how many ornaments you want for your tree.
Hot glue the candy canes together to form heart shapes.
Consider the unique way that Dubai celebrates Ramadan.
Hang up decorative lights to create a party atmosphere.
Take the fat end and loop it away from you into the square.
Welcome your invitees into your house.
Watch Passover movies.
Spell out a Christmas-themed word in marquee letters.
Add each item to the inventory.
Make “Chag Sameach” more holiday specific.
Beat the butter and sugar using an electric mixer.
Budget your holiday shopping.
Tuck the last end of fabric into the pocket on the right side of your fabric triangle, folding up the bottom right corner if necessary.
Arrange for flowers or a gift basket to be delivered.
Take the person out for a one-on-one meal.
Do what you would normally do.
For a carry-on, bring a small, stylish bag that you carry on your shoulder.
Layer the deco mesh with ribbons.
Gather materials.
Let the dancing happen.
Set the first set of ribbons side-by-side down on the table.
Decide what to wear.
Check out new music or catch up on your favorite shows.
Post interesting links to Christmas-inspired traditions or pages denoting Christmas ideas.
Chase the sales.
Think about the colours they choose to wear, the accessories they like.
Watch out for creaks and everything you labelled!.
Proclaim your love to the world.
Recover your filled bottle.
Send the gift to the couple's home address instead of shipping it to your house and presenting it to them on the day of the wedding.
Go the traditional route.
Cut the scarf from the plaid fabric.
Head to a club or a Firemen's Ball to celebrate late.
Supplement your hard work with lucky charms.
Make a collar.
Start buying food.
Fill bottom of stemware with glitter and/or faux snow a quarter of the way.
Consider it might be where your parents work.
On A dark brown sheet of construction paper, use the puffy paint as if it were cake icing to create a design.
Cut a hole in the tub in front of the lens of the projector.
This should also be a relaxing day, so keep it simple and don't make too much fuss.
Download music.
Hang plastic or cardboard creatures from the top of your diorama.
Send an email.
Use glitter glue or glitter tape  to give a cheery look to these banners.
Paint on a metallic silver polish.
Decide how to phrase the prayers.
Choose Easter themed crackers and treats.
Take the kids trick or treating.
Lift the edges of the prosthetic and gently pull it off the clay.
Paint your paper plate black.
Make the gift yourself.
Rather than spending your time wrapping presents a better idea might be to buy a cloth sack.
Glue the slit together with hot glue and let it dry for 1 to 2 hours.
Identify the gift recipient's age group.
Give someone a makeover.
Pack a kit of useful items.
Let Santa become a special secret.
Look for lucky insects and animals.
Reach out to a family in need.
Opt for flats.
Make sure your layers are thick enough to cover the notes.
Pay bills.
Decorate your snowman further.
Help your parents with baking.
Pick your target group.
Avoid the Douglas and Balsam firs as they won’t support heavy ornaments.
Halloween decorating is very popular these days, judging by the amount of catalogs and stores selling heaps of Halloween-themed stuff.
Wear clothing in colors that represent nature.
Pick bright colors.
Create friendly Halloween cats faces as a cute option.
Glue a magnet to the back of the photo.
Buy things you know she always loves.
Coat the inside of the prosthetic with liquid latex and put it on your ear.
Add three drops of red food colouring to the drink.
Read over either the printed-out wedding registry or the online version to see what the couple has requested.
Gather materials to make the box.
You can make decorations out of unwanted rubbish - a great activity for your kids to join in with – or you can by ready made recycled gifts that help the environment.
Make savory treats.
Start a new website.
Cut along the crease.
Determine the theme that you'd like to keep for decorating your Disney Christmas tree.
If you don't want to mess up the gift wrapping, take a peek where there is a hole.
Give a small gift to someone you don't know.
Get crafty.
Lay out all of the products you will use on your hair when you get out of your shower.
Get a manicure and pedicure to make your nails look nice.
Press together four of the clay cubes.
Make it a family trip.
Find a haircut that suits your face.
Hang a large wreath on the front of the fence (facing the road or sidewalk).
Have an idea what to expect.
Add entertainment items.
Alert neighbors.
Don’t compare yourself to other people.
Let the eggs cool in the pot for about 2 hours.
Throw in something generic.
Review proofs when the photographer publishes them.
Keep your lights on so trick or treaters know you’re home.
Prepare an easy, fresh signature cocktail.
If you find anything creepy lying around the house like an old broken doll or some test tubes set it up at your doorstep.
Eat foods cooked in oil.
Turn out the lights.
See which friends are available over the summer.
Draw the other two leaves.
Make pumpkin people to impress your friends.
Play around with perspective.
Continue this building process with however many colors you want.
Wear dark brown or black leather loafers.
Go on vacation.
Educate yourself about new types of seafood.
Plan to use several strands of Christmas lights when you use them on interior areas.
Cut ⁄4 in (0.64 cm) deeper into the skin if you want more light to shine through.
Wear appropriate attire.
Try something handmade.
Display your completed ornament!.
Conserve water in your house.
Consider the outrageous gift.
Treat her with Twilight jewelry.
Gardening items, such as a gardening stool with garden utensils, are always a perfect gift for those seniors who still have access to a yard or patio.
Fill an empty lantern with Easter items.
Don't go to a house with their outdoor lights or decorations turned off.
Play Twilight-themed games.
Remove the ornament hangers, pour a little water in the ornament and insert flowers and berries.
Prepare your cardstock.
Bake the photo in a preheated oven at 300 °F (149 °C) for 3 to 8 minutes.
All sites do have activities that do not require you to purchase anything.
Think about their circumstances.
Take the train / subways so you can also get to your destination conveniently.
Buy a lotto ticket.
Create a schedule.
Make or buy a card.
Choose non-electric holiday decor whenever possible.
Make your furniture look Halloween-ready.
Keep trimmed as needed.
Design a scavenger hunt.
Mention your birthday a few weeks in advance if you want others to remember.
Fold the piece of clothing neatly.
Make up phrases using the word "egg" in them for fun.
Split the Boli right down the middle to avoid any questions later about who got to eat more.
Honor your ancestors.
Check out the rides and music for entertainment.
Determine the number of invitations you send out.
Weigh your gammon on a scale.
Stay inside.
Keep folding until you don't have enough fabric to make a complete triangle shape.
Get dressed in a pair of sweats if you do not think you can get ready without getting something on your party outfit.
Save up for your special gift.
Blend the silver with small strokes of blue and red.
Stay awake for about half an hour after your alarm goes off.
Add some vinegar into the dye bath.
Plan a holiday potluck party instead of baking all of the food.
Teach your kids to practice moderation.
Throw a secret party.
Get your gang together.
Tap "Redeem.".
Use your hand to draw skeleton hands.
Use mini gift wrap bows.
Serve.
Head to a TKTS booth for day-of discounts for art events.
Enter the National DNA Day American Society of Human Genetics Essay Contest.
Place 1-2 wrapped presents on each step.
Get a small bowl and mix the shortening and chocolate chips in it.
Make decorations instead of buying them.
Take your vampire teeth measurements.
Decide on how large a venue you need.
Ask the person about their zodiac sign if you’re familiar with astrology.
Carefully remove the lasagna from the oven.
Decorate your frame.
Choose old fashion colors for the balls and other ornaments such as mauve, dusty rose and lavender.
Make the cookies.
Now decorate!.
Give the tree as much water as it needs.
Melt enough white chocolate to fill one plastic egg.
Change the shutter speed to a slower setting.
Rent a rock-climbing wall, a "Moonwalk", or an inflatable slide.
Set the mood with some relaxing candles or burn essential oils in scents such as lavender or chamomile.
Play winter sports such as hockey, skiing, sledding, skating and snowboarding.
Take up a class.
Invite somebody new to a Christmas meal.
Begin tucking.
Cut a long piece of cord.
Write a poem or a short story.
Finish the block with a coat of acrylic.
Make a model of DNA!.
Decide if you can use your gift card.
Consider gourmet food choices.
Learn what Australia's and New Zealand's parts in WW1 and WW2 were.
Plan ahead.
Get your tree up and ready.
Pass the dreidel on to the next player.
Scrape any mixture from the ham and spread it on the ham before serving.
Include games with a nature theme.
Allow the cookies to set overnight.
Dress in a costume to show your Halloween spirit.
Take pictures.
Research different beaches and find the one nearest to your area, unless if you're planning to travel far from your home.
Day of the Party.
Practice gratitude for the blessings you have in your life.
Send out the invites well beforehand.
Get away for the weekend if you have time to plan.
Bend a paper clip into an upside down u shape, stick into the clay.
Make an effort to go and see what others are doing for Christmas.
Make her a meal.
Cut a slit down the back of the paper mâché skull to slide it off the resin mold.
Phone for assistance.
Check the final product.
You might want to start an exercise program to get in great shape for a swimsuit.
Go to bed.
Go to a Christmas festival or lights celebration.
Buy a pair of lederhosen.
Cover your eggs and dye materials with water if you’re using dry ingredients.
Make your space lucky with feng shui.
Attend local Alcoholics Anonymous meetings during the holidays.
Choose a background.
Glue a piece of tissue paper over the hole on each egg.
Recycle any decorations that might not fit.
Hair: Summery hair is usually down.
Add the next layer.
Pick the theme.
When ready to serve heat in the microwave for 5 to 10 seconds.
Don’t be afraid to give more than 1 person the same gift.
Let the dye dry.
Take the time to reinvent yourself or your wardrobe.
To the right and just above the dessert spoon place the water glasses.
Use metallic sequins to form the third row.
Set up a blogging service page that is solely for promoting Christmas-themed postings.
Buy a white Christmas tree.
Think of how you can describe the characters' personalities.
Start by preparing the elements that will form the basis of the wreath around the oasis ring.
Finish projects you’ve been avoiding.
Put cocoa mix in a small bag.
Give the ring to your mother.
Try "Chag Kashruth Pesach" for a Passover-specific greeting.
Choose a gift bag that can support the gift.
Choose your activities.
Test out each strand of lights, to ensure each strand works.
Flip it so that the fat end is now on your left.
Light up your yard with orange hanging lights.
Colorful, theme based, garden stakes are an easy and beautiful addition to any yard or garden.
Consider a humorous gift if your boss has a sense of humor.
Do a dry fit of the pieces to make sure everything will go together cleanly.
Remember that your parents won't have as good a relationship with your friends as they do with their relatives, this will be easier.
Ensure that all holiday decorations are flame retardant or non-flammable and placed away from heat sources.
Trim the fabric carefully with fabric scissors if the strips are too long.
Visit 1 of the 5 casinos just minutes away from South Lake Tahoe, California.
Find a restaurant that serves Stromboli!.
Research her hobbies and interests.
Love yourself and your loved ones.
Prepare an 8x8 baking dish.
Set a festive Easter table.
Make a budget throughout the year that pays off your credit cards before holiday shopping starts.
Take her to a show.
Select an egg, then make a small hole into it using a spoon or a knife.
Send yourself roses or a fun candy bouquet.
Use your gift card to get points for gas.
Cut the images out carefully.
Avoid trick or treating by having a party.
Cut a piece of lumber the right length for the height you need.
Whisk the egg in a small bowl with the tablespoon of milk.
Preheat your oven to 350 °F (177 °C).
Pick the gift card that you want to purchase.
Carefully close the card, making sure that all the clear tape is firmly in place.
Go trick-or-treating.
Make her breakfast in bed to start the day on a good note.
Cut away excess paper and insert the bottle.
Host a potluck for friends and family instead of a dinner.
Exchange the "Suehiro" or "Hakusen.".
Take a trip together.
Add borders!.
Consider giving the couple the bedding, towels or linens that they will need in their home for themselves and for guests.
Center the picture frame on your mantel.
Visit the tourist centre (if there is one) and see if there are activities you could do, like horse riding, fishing, cruises, visiting a national park, or mountain biking.
Cut the pattern out of each card and fold where the lines should be.
Put these into the original box if the original box still exists.
Set gift wrapping challenges.
Create clover sugar cookies.
Decorate each invitation page.
Press whole, dried cloves into an orange for a rustic touch.
Consider dining out if you have picky eaters in your family.
Keep the gift card and the receipt in a safe place.
Set a date.
Buy a fog machine.
Pay for your employees to take a class.
Strain the dye bath, then let it cool.
If you are a police officer, stay in uniform all evening.
Fill the box with shredded paper or some other sort of filling.
Take extra precaution with breakables.
Sing along to your favorite patriotic tunes.
Host a surprise dinner.
Do whatever you know is right!.
Cut your fabric and interfacing into 15-inch (38.1-centimeter) squares.
Staple several foam cups in a circle.
Go spring.
Learn your airline's cancellation policy.
Invest in a training plan.
Choose a store to visit if there is a physical location near you, and seek out the registry.
Fold the card in half and then open it.
Look for Halloween activities in your area.
Get the balls out and coat them with powdered sugar.
Set your budget and decide where to shop.
Buy fancy tools.
Teach someone to write.
Spread out 1-4 sheets of tissue paper depending on the size of your gift bag.
Attend local festivals and parades to support your community.
Add a Velcro closure, if you want the bag to open and close.
Press the paper down onto the glue.
Moisturise.
Once your dark brown construction paper is pasted on the sides of the box, cut four one-by-the-length-of-your-shoebox-side inch strips out of your light construction paper.
Find a good bar or restaurant.
Make a recyclers  relay at a child's Earth Day party.
Let the recipient know gently and without great "hoo-ha" that your gift can be returned to a store, re-gifted, or donated if it doesn't make them feel comfortable or happy.
Get candy, but not too much!.
Insert the point of the knife at an angle.
Hand it to them at the end of the service.
Have snowball fights, make snow angels, build a snowman or a snow fort, or play games in the snow like Fox and Rabbit.
Choose a suitable time to start trick or treating.
Figure out what to get her.
Tell your family, close friends, and wedding party that you’d prefer money.
Present the recipient with organic cosmetics.
Cook the blini.
Punch in the 15-digit gift card number.
Give it a long shake.
Don't leave the Christmas shopping or the gift wrapping to last minute.
Head to a concert or show.
Compliment a friend or loved one.
Do your hinting duty.
Focus on activities that bring you joy.
Look for a metallic heel.
if It is a girl then dress her up in dresses or accessories at build a bear and if it's a boy dress him up in smart clothes.
Cut a 1 in (2.5 cm) strip from the short edge of each paper.
Type in all of your information and arrange it on the top half of the page.
Mix cloves, dry mustard, maple syrup, and crushed ginger snaps together to form a paste.
Choose a box that is at least 2 in (5.1 cm) larger than the gift on all sides.
Paste the white card stocks on the foam sheets using double-sided tape or glue.
Blow up lots of balloons to create a festive atmosphere.
Remove pan from heat.
Use a paper punch to create shapes.
Purchase, untangle, and test a strand of Christmas lights.
Recognize cash gifting clubs.
Overpour the wine, and bless yourself with it.
Don't forget to add the bunny tail with a larger pink pom-pom on the back.
Continue in this same way until you have exhausted your supply of cookie cutters and beads, or the length or string, or both.
Enter the access number.
Make predictions based on the star chart.
Limit your alcohol consumption.
Drive somebody somewhere.
Leave a treat at the end!.
Prepare the gift card for entry.
Start layering.
Fold the leaves flat at the leafstalk to make a sheet.
Use miniature clear lights as base lighting.
Consider getting a pre-paid debit gift card.
Consider improving the pins.
Create a Christmas survival kit to get you through difficult days.
Add lighting to make your trunk stand out.
Think gaming.
Pull out the paper and discard.
Assemble the Things You'll Need.
Fold the end - At one end of the box, fold the paper down.
Separate what you need from what you want.
Think about gifting fabric or other supplies, such as yarn for knitting.
Buy a Santa hat!.
Indulge in other ways.
Sign in to PayPal.
Attend a National Anzac Day Ceremony.
Register to vote.
Gather 6 to 8 flat buttons of various sizes for your tree.
Fold the ribbon into a beautiful large bow.
Make a giant conversation heart garland.
Try using a Dremel rotary tool to remove the skin quickly.
Have someone put on a pair of long socks before starting.
Buy materials.
Draw 3 heart shapes that overlap at the center of the circle.
Hire a professional to hang your holiday decorations.
Make a simple garland.
Lay the rings in a dish to display them together.
Push the cake pop sticks into the base of the peep.
Feed the jack-o'-lantern to the chickens or other poultry.
This version allows you to get away without spray painting but is still as effective.
Bake the cakes until a toothpick comes out clean.
Gather up store ads in the newspaper or a generic website and browse through them to get ideas.
Bedazzle ornaments for a shiny, modern style.
Give presents to friends, family, and people in need.
Tie the middle together with the small piece of ribbon.
Celebrate at 1:59 PM on Pi Day.
Wish "Que tous vos désirs se réalisent.".
Make your boyfriend a gift from the heart.
Repeat the process.
Listen to the shofar.
Spray the garland with fake snow in the winter to bring home the Christmas spirit.
Look sexy in a little strappy number.
Cut a long strip of fabric for the handle or shoulder strap.
Using the same object, score curves at each end.
Hold the sheet, fold it round in the middle and make a funnel till both ends are laid over each other in one direction.
Cover buns with a tangy chutney to make gol gappe.
Cut out the cookies carefully and make sure you have enough space to write a message on the back.
Fold the square in half.
Click OK and your blank sheet should magically fill with repeating images:thumb.
Take a trip to a fishing supply store.
Make your own candy or chocolate.
Tap Access Contacts.
Get a water gun to join in the fun!.
Decorate the tree.
Show affection to the new dog.
Think about others.
Talk with your kids, teens and young adult children.
Address the envelope to your addressee.
Take the half circle and make it into the shape of a cone.
Create a path.
Put in the very bottom row of branches and light them up and down on each branch.
Remember timing.
Enjoy your day and candy!.
Draw a face on the figure.
Take out some cardboard, paint, markers, puffballs, pipe cleaners, cotton, and colored paper.
Place the ham inside a slow cooker and baste the ham with the glaze.
Head to Paris to be a part of the most iconic celebration.
Fasten the threaded mobile pieces onto a coat hanger, or cardboard arcs, for a multi-strand mobile.
Start carving.
Set the rings down in their original ring boxes for a simple look.
Dress and paint your dummy.
Don't use a prank to isolate and humiliate someone.
Plan for your upcoming trip carefully to avoid spending extra money on clothes or transportation.
Prepare for the ninth day of Christmas.
Buy as many burgers as there are buns.
Attach a loop of baker's twine to the back of your snowflake.
Think to yourself, "Where would I hide it?".
Apply a red glitter polish from your cuticle to halfway up the nail.
Use wrapping paper for "ribbon".
Look through any popular magazine to see how Asian Pacific Americans are portrayed.
Preheat the oven to 375° Fahrenheit or 190° Celsius.
Put on some Christmas music and dance to it or just sit and listen.
Label the bar codes.
Throw in a candy or two.
Buy away.
Finish the rows to the top of the bauble using the colored sequins.
Add in a snowman or two.
Repeat step 4 on the other side.
Place on a platter or serving dish before adding it to the table.
Sweep a shimmery gold across your lids lightly.
While were on the subject, get your children into the charitable feeling as well.
Dig in.
Create a bird feeder with peanut butter.
Check up with the details and know you're destination (where (if your organization has one) your reception is and where you're organization would be leaving (start walking into the parade from) which will typically be outside of where you are having the reception.
Boil the potatoes for about 10 minutes then transfer to a baking tray and bake in the oven for about 15 minutes.
Cut two mitten shapes out of felt.
Remove the pot from the burner.
Determine your budget for the wedding gift.
Clean your kitchen from top to bottom before attempting holiday baking or cooking.
Redecorate your room: Once you have finished cleaning your room, you can have fun redecorating it to suit your personality.
Make of the occasion what you will.
Many people have a homemade or store-bought Passover tablecloth, and even a centerpiece to place on top.
Drape beaded garlands onto the tree in between the other decorations, spacing them evenly.
Think outside the box.
Consider where the individual will put the flowers.
Get employees who sell alcohol to double check the age.
Let the clips set for at least an hour.
When applying makeup try not to put any mascara on your bottom lashes.
Give yourself a gift.
Have a "spa" day.
Fold a pipe cleaner in half to find the middle.
Reflect on the meaning of Christmas for you and your family.
Watch the 1993 film Groundhog Day.
Fold the same corner up once again, aligning the folded edge with the center line.
Host a movie night at your house.
Decide if you want to be at the locker when your friend arrives.
Buy a CD of music to play over the party.
A gift that should always be given is White and Dark chocolate.
Read some books while you're not at school.
Decide how much you want to spend once you've narrowed down the type of gift you're buying.
Show everybody what your bears got in the stocking.
Select a strong and unwavering base for holding the tree.
Use the search term "daily holidays" in your search engine and see what displays.
Decorate the snowflakes and let them harden.
Donate generously to a charitable cause.
Eat with your mother.
Make a coffin to place alongside your gravestones.
Decorate the mummies.
Get some wire and cut off 5 or 6 pieces of it all the same length.
Try not to let your hair frizz.
Snack a little bit before the feast.
Use your credit card responsibly.
Look for local events to celebrate the month with others.
Measure the height of the card.
Fashion a hat from the red baby sock.
Visit a New York tourist agency.
Measure the projector and obtain a plastic tub that will cover it with room to spare.
Let your nails dry and apply a clear topcoat.
Remove the ham from the oven and serve.
Make the various body parts of the turkey.
Play plenty of Christmas songs and carols.
Consider makeup.
Hang your stocking up.
Clean the edge of the mold with a flat edge.
Travel to Ireland.
Take out of the fridge to serve.
Make a list of 5 things you are grateful each night before bed, then review the list in the morning.
Save or share your creation.
Hang lights or tinsel from the very tops of your walls.
Use nature for inspiration.
Cut the rose stems on an angle and split the stem vertically to approximately 20cm (8").
Cut between the windings.
Paint some snowflakes on the bulb with the blue nail polish.
Slide florist wire through one of the flat points OR punch a small hole to allow hanging.
Fill the ornaments with beads.
Let the dough cool off for at least an hour.
Use Christmas ties to make a glaringly ugly sweater.
Use the same bronze colour paper, cut out flowers and paste them as shown.
To add more decorative effects, consider piping royal icing in a color different from the one you've added to each cookie.
Consider homemade items as being just fine.
Have the Kwanzaa Karamu (feast) on the sixth day (New Year's Eve).
Note the difference between Gregorian and Julian calendars.
Gather the things you will need: .
Wrap the garland in stringed Christmas lights.
Align the 2 sheets of black construction paper.
Rotate and pinch the tube again.
Click the Save button.
Pay for a race as a gift.
Combine butter, golden syrup and water into medium saucepan; stir mixture with a wooden spoon until butter is melted.
Have your unit facing you so that it is shaped like a diamond (this is optional but makes the step easier).
Draw up plans of the rooms based on the scripts, characters, space and props.
Offer storage and organization containers as a present.
Microchip the dog.
Reuse items you have at home or purchase new decorations.
Prepare your egg.
Add Media.
Wear layers if you are celebrating New Year’s Eve in the cold.
Avoid lying down.
Purchase the flowers that you want to send.
Make mini pom-pom ornaments with styrofoam balls.
Take it all in stride.
Make the salt dough if you haven't already.
Review your use of punctuation.
Try something that's practical.
Attach the smaller flower shape to the larger one, making the petals off-set.
Include a title.
Honor veterans, leaders, or your country at national celebrations.
Assemble an insulated cooler.
Find out where the couple is registered.
Stop knotting when your wreath is completely covered in a thick layer of fluffy fabric ties.
Make a bucket list of 20-50 things to try in the upcoming year.
Commit random acts of kindness'.
Cover the foam semi-circle or dome with your choice of decoration.
Make it personal.
Place the wine glass in the box carefully with lots of packing material.
Prepare your dye bath.
Finish off all four sides.
Mail your envelope via certified mail to the following address:.
Eat a Cornish pasty.
Avoid using your camera’s flash.
Take care of her responsibilities.
Draw curvy lines.
Don’t feed your dog human holiday treats.
Get a decorative chest to store the boxes in.
Fleece blanket throws are always an appreciated gift, especially when paired with a book or movie.
Repeat this for all sides.
Sew the side hems using a ⁄2 in (1.3 cm) seam allowance.
Clean and inspect the tree base before adding fruit.
Slide on the next cookie cutter.
Use names from Adams' writings as nicknames for your friends and coworkers.
Go to your local bookstore or library to pick up a book by an Asian Pacific American.
Shop online for organic products and avoid the manic rush completely.
Do odd jobs for money.
Use a circular sponge if you want to apply pink polka dots to the pumpkin.
Visit the mikvah (Hebrew for a ritual bath) on the eve of Rosh Hashanah.
Use low-wattage holiday lights.
Cover the tube in wrapping paper.
Wrap your mugs with gift wrap.
Collect your materials.
Add the necessary details.
Return upstairs and keep yourself occupied.
Cut the tape in half.
Paint the snowflake white and let it dry (for basic clay use only, optional).
Pick out small toiletries for useful items.
Choose a suitable store.
If the gift is something they might continue to use in future, such as skin care products, try to find some that work well as a gift but are also affordable enough to buy again.
Weigh the options in terms of accessibility.
Finish the card.
Pour the dye into a small dish.
Accept that there is no such thing as a "perfect" reunion.
Have a Secret Santa.
Place in a warm, sunny position, such as the windowsill.
Use caramel syrup and sea salt to make salted caramel eggnog.
Cover the entire box with another thin layer of Mod Podge.
Sleep in.
Go traditional with flowers, chocolates, and stuffed animals.
Go back to the search results page.
Think back to last Halloween in your neighborhood, if you still live in the same area.
Cut your paper into shapes.
Recite the blessings when you light the Hanukkiah, or Menorah.
Fold the leaves up to seal the open side of the funnel and tie the bundle with a band made of twisted leaves.
Apply the second coat of paint when the first coat has dried.
Speak good or keep silent.
Call 1-800-544-2943 on your landline or cell phone.
Attend your synagogue on the morning of Yom Kippur.
Remove imperfections.
Make your own gifts.
Create a draft.
Gather everything you need to take with you.
Prepare for the fifth day of Christmas.
Do some external reading in reference to the real Santa's existence.
Join the tubing to the hula hoop, locating each tube well spaced around the perimeter of the hoop.
Pray extra prayers.
Make a backing for your scalloped edge.
Go Swimming: Go to the beach or the local swimming pool if there is hot weather.
Think about things you've always wanted to do, but didn't have time.
Put out all your Christmas cards.
Remove the crispy rice eggs from the shell and set aside.
Reflect on "Inconvenience Yourself Day".
Do things a little differently.
Request that everyone only makes holiday cookies or expand your collection to include other goodies such as home made candy, chocolate covered pretzels, or other festive sweets.
Schedule a day-trip to somewhere close by.
Buy a living tree.
Bake a cake or some cookies that feature punctuation.
Top the cake with some toys or models.
Print the certificate on a plain, color or watermarked paper.
Under the head draw a larger, slightly misshapen circle.
Get there on the first day to see the ceremonial start to the festival.
Begin by gathering the clothes you want to take on your trip.
Visit Africa during the Northern Hemisphere’s summer.
Try using more than one colour of deco mesh.
Wear a costume what allows good mobility and eyesight.
Dress according to the weather.
Paint the snowflake.
Invite family for an autumn meal.
Place duck or chicken figurines in your entryway.
At the base of the basket (if it's not a stiff material) put in a piece of cardboard.
Paint nail polish along the edges to hold the paper in place.
Protect yourself from fraud or illegal fees.
Interview a person with an Asian Pacific American descent.
Make sure to pronounce Māori words correctly when speaking.
Make it a lover's event.
Enjoy yourself!.
Baste the ham every couple of hours.
Unfold the paper.
Visit your local museum to check out a gallery exhibit.
Hang cards off a sled with ribbon for a statement piece.
Take a scoop of green chocolate mint ice cream and place it on a plate.
Put the egg in and constantly check it.
Set up the Jack-o'-Lantern.
Accept a “no gifts, please” request.
Take some white card, and lightly draw an outline of a snowman on it.
Go to a theater and see a romantic movie together for a laid-back outing.
Add a message as above.
Close the eggs up.
Place each gift exactly as it was.
Watch a fireworks show with your friends or family.
Attend a Guy Fawkes parade to see floats and stalls.
Print out a Zen coloring book page, then color it in with markers.
Donate some money to an organization you care about that protects endangered species.
Continue hanging the strands of lights on these cuphooks.
Take the stockings out of the packaging.
Assemble a personal care kit.
Tackle a home project.
Put on some music.
Avoid giving gag gifts.
Give the dog to an animal shelter.
Enjoy your tree!.
Embrace the goals of Te Wiki o te Reo Māori.
Hold onto the square with one hand and tug on the fat and pointed ends to secure it.
Add embellishments like stickers, stamps, glitter, or fabric.
Use the skewer to pierce holes at the top of each cookie shape.
Select a color scheme to give everything uniform look.
Place the cookies nicely on a plate or colorful tray.
You may create or just choose from the images.
Be comfortable with the fact you’re getting older.
Depending on the length of your video, you may also wish to upload your video to video sharing sites (or social networking sites) as well.
Press the cereal mix inside and around the walls of the plastic eggs.
Get out-of-this world scary by making some creepy alien cocoons.
Thread the string, ribbon or yarn length through the center holes of each star.
Place photos into the clips.
Try finding a good foundation.
Ask her in person or over the phone.
Let children enjoy playing with a toy for a time.
Repeat for the other card half and you’re done.
Send a thoughtful email or text message.
Browse around the store until you find the gift you'd like to purchase.
If that person hates shopping but uses a car frequently, get a gift card for a gas station.
Place blankets and pillows on the ground to create a picnic look.
Pinch the second light of the strand between your index finger and thumb.
Involve your children in ALL things Passover.
Tear the fabric.
Draw or paint a design onto the egg with the crayon or hot wax.
Read some Li'l Abner comics.
Use 150-grit sandpaper on the wooden box.
Reach out to your groom for advice.
Participate in activities at your own discretion.
Put the sticker on the egg (should be loose).
Make edible peanut butter play dough.
Butter and season the turkey crown.
Put the egg in the sock.
Arrange your furniture to facilitate conversation.
Make the eyes.
Make it something that touches the heart.
Go to bed 1/2 hour early each night, and wake up 1/2 hour early each morning.
That's it!.
Add ribbon around the neck of the bottle and tie it in a bow.
Opt for the drought-resistant Scotch pine for a strong, true-green tree.
If you just got out of a bad relationship, a great idea of what to do for yourself is, make it a "Pamper Day" or an "All About You Day".
Wrap the present loosely in white tissue paper.
Tap Add a note to type a message.
Cut the eyeball slits.
Take the pan out of the refrigerator.
Tie a small loop into each end of the cord.
Put down newspaper on a flat surface for easy clean-up(optional).
Carve a scary pumpkin and place it outside.
Teenagers love to eat, especially boys as they go through their growth spurt.
Go to the beach with your family for a fun, relaxing trip.
Tap Next.
Contemplate.
Think about all the important, handwritten documents in the world.
Go shopping.
Create a scented garland.
Measure your gift to determine what size box you need.
Make a second, overlapping diagonal crease.
Thread the needle with the fishing line or invisible thread.
Take into account the taste and lifestyle of your recipient.
Look out for zero percent annual percentage rate credit card, if you are in the market to increase your credit amount.
Make or buy a cupcake for the birthday person.
Remove and put away all of the foot pedals from the Christmas tree.
Ask your partner to get your children a small gift.
Plan out your trick or treating route before Halloween.
Get involved in a conservation, restoration, or eco-community project.
Do a face mask to hydrate your skin.
Remember to keep your sense of humour throughout this exercise.
Familiarize yourself with what is muktzeh (Hebrew: "separated" or "set aside"), which refers to tools and other objects used primarily to perform an activity that is a violation of Shabbat.
Think entertainment.
Fold in the sleeves of the shirt, then roll it tightly from the bottom.
Decorate the center of the garland with a seasonal wreath.
Once again boil some water with 10 drops of food dye and 1 tbsp.
Set up catering.
Trace the templates onto  a sheet of felt.
Reuse, Reduce, Recycle.
Take the cookie cutters and cut as many shapes as possible from the dough you've made.
Kick up the makeup a notch.
Put your books or sheets of stamps into a large envelope or a shipping box and include a note that contains the following information:.
Give them a choice.
Wrap the scarf around the elf's neck.
Consider making something personal if you know the tween or teen well.
Package your egg message.
Click here to get the image and then print out the full size image on a heavy paper, like cardstock or construction paper.
Sew along the top edge, but leave a small gap for turning.
Paint the round base under the hand to match your tablecloth using an oil-based paint.
Gather clues by having the person share memories about their birthday.
String a few of the lights over a few of the cuphooks.
Decorate your home.
Get ahead for next the school year.
Listen to the prompt and press 1 to check your balance.
Check out the party items.
Treat every anniversary like the first.
Decorate the area according to your theme.
Play foreboding music from a speaker or your phone.
Vary the lengths of the strings.
Pack up and hit the road.
Roll it up.
Affix your stamps to official S&H Stamp Books if you have them.
Make Easter grass from cellophane.
Make a gratitude bowl.
Make the prize look amazing.
Give the dummy gloves, pulling them over the bottom of the shirt sleeves.
Obtain the gift card from either a Walmart store or through the online website.
Locate dozens of books.
Purchase some white clay and shape it into a 3D circle but not quite a sphere.
Donate unwanted or old toys and gifts.
Jumble the puzzle pieces and hand them to a friend to solve.
Try to bite the apple.
Purchase sweets/candies  or perfume/aftershave if all else fails.
You can also stay inside.
Read a classic book.
Get some money.
Read books.
Decide on where you want to stay.
Spend time with those you love.
Choose the Fraser fir for a sturdy tree that boasts a dark blue-green color.
Relax with your friends by watching a movie or playing a game.
Find an association in which you can be affiliated with (as the St. Patrick Parade is a private one).
Make a pamper basket.
Decide who will receive gifts.
Get her a card.
Draw and cut a large circle in the middle of the paper.
When everyone starts walking and things kick up, follow!.
Connect this to the original snowflake by clicking and dragging.
Laminate the card.
Roll each ball in the grated chocolate bowl.
Talk to your guests if they ask.
Catch up on your reading.
Convert things into pi.
Build the proper infrastructure.
Hold a Towel Day party or have a celebration of Towel Day in the pub.
Change your look.
Spend time together helping others.
Pick out the nicest looking pumpkin you can find,(Not bruised or scratched) but it should be ripe.
Stuff it full.
Go outside.
Make a choice.
Add the hairpin to the top of the ornament for a hanger (optional).
Clip your cards onto a garland for a festive decoration.
Let the glue dry before working on another side of the box.
Have bins ready for gift and food waste.
Make a loop with the ribbon to secure the wreath to the door.
Continue rotating and pinching the tube until you reach the end.
Assemble your cards and line them up.
Clean your room.
Bring your manners.
Roll and tape the short ends of the paper over the gift.
Add about 1/10 of a kilogram of rice and about 6 dates.
Wake up your family at dawn.
Start with your first sheet of paper colour-side down.
Choose footwear that will look good while keeping you warm.
Choose the right time to look around.
Give small tokens to children.
Place pretzel sticks or baby carrots upright in each corner of the dip tray.
Go for the full collection.
If you don't want to ask him, or your conversation doesn't really reveal many ideas, you'll need to focus directly on the techie things he already loves.
Figure out when your girlfriend's birthday is.
Count the candy pieces.
Determine if you can return the gift card for cash.
Insert and fasten the bottom cardboard plug.
Make the most of the available space.
Set aside a day when everyone can come together and help you decorate your Christmas tree.
Ask other relatives to get in touch with them.
Clean and tidy the tin.
The Christmas Card.
Cut the image out with a pair of scissors.
Add designs.
Avoid making this holiday all about your relationship status.
Set up a paint night to create new memories.
Hire a chef for a day.
Feed your dogs peanut butter.
Arrive on time.
Try to wake up several hours before the parade.
Place a pretty center cloth down the middle of the table.
Never stop learning.
Visit a museum.
Remove all the seeds and the stem.
Make 2 or 3 more straws.
Set the rest of the table as you would always for a dinner party.
Add a delivery address and save.
Put all the food on a plate and leave it in front of your door.
Be happy within yourself regardless of your relationship status.
Purchase replacement bulbs.
Give a charm bracelet or piece of jewelry.
Look forward to New Years!.
Adapt your literature and writing assignments to the season.
Cut the card along the crease or just in front of it.
Give Ramadan greetings.
Tape icicle wire to the hula hoop.
Find out whether there are Christmas celebrations happening where you are.
Add the stamen.
Use glue to secure the wrapping in place of tape.
Don’t get drunk if you plan on driving.
Select healthy but tasty appetizers that allow you to indulge along with the rest of your guests.
Take care with the overlapping genres.
Once your amount of photos starts to add up, put the photos in a special "Santa Album".
Wrap lights, garland, ribbon or any other ribbon like object you wish to use for decorating around your tree.
Hold the palm blade pointy side up.
Complete any finishing touches.
Think about what a "gift" truly means.
Make the Jell-O or jelly liquid according to the package instructions.
Paint the skull in the color of your choice with acrylic paint.
Sit in chairs on the front porch or in the yard of your home looking around with dim/partially covered porch lights (to be visible but not all lit-up).
Measure the paper - Ensure that you have secured anything fragile inside your box and turn the box upside down.
Use "Happy Pesach" if you want to cheat.
Spend time in the backyard.
Allow egg to dry before painting.
Remove the frozen glove sculpture from the freezer.
Allow the cookie dough eggs to harden in the fridge for about 15 minutes or more.
Purchase battery run light switches.
Seek out healthier alternatives to candy.
Then just print on regular paper.
Mix together the cream cheese and yogurt in a large bowl.
Trim your sprigs to the desired length.
Encourage others to help keep the beach clean.
Glue the photos to each side of the block.
Take a spoonful of peanut butter and smother it entirely inside the empty void of the "mouth.".
Make strips from your fabric scraps if they're not already in strips.
Place the trim on the bauble first.
Now, melt a bit more of the coloured wafers (any colour, preferably matching the egg's swirls).
Go downstairs with one or two of your bears (maybe ones that haven't had many Christmases before) to show them the eaten mince pies and drank milk/juice/whatever you put out.
Check for loose needles by banging the tree up and down on the ground.
Buy her a candle.
Draw on eggs with white crayons before dyeing them.
Tie the top-knot in place with a piece of grosgrain ribbon or a large piece of lace.
Take out the tree from the box.
Try the traditional movies.
Plan out the food and drinks.
Buy a cardboard tube and plugs.
Practice mindfulness.
Pour glitter or multi-colored sprinkles into clear bulbs for a fun DIY.
Turn your door into a snowman to give it a kid-friendly theme.
Be patient with your dog.
Push the pointy end around the back of the square and fold over.
Take advantage of Black Friday and Cyber Monday sales.
Say voila!.
Use a wire whisk to mix both mixtures until smooth.
As it gets later, go to the beach.
Watch movies with no romance whatsoever in them.
Make sure the mask is comfortable.
Ferry the talkers in with the less talkative.
Come up with a catchy title.
Choose plastic ribbon alternatives.
Place a little blob of glue onto the sequin.
Organise a sleepover and invite your friends to come to your place.
Wish them a happy Halloween before they head to the next house.
Tie cards to branches in a vase for an eye-catching display.
Roll the triangle into a cone, secure the seams with glue, then glue it to the snowman's face.
Start early.
Walk down the stairs with grace and make sure you're smiling big.
Make your own sachets.
Select any bigger picture frame you'd like to upcycle.
Glue the candy cane hearts together where they touch.
Remove the parchment paper from the inside of the card and cut out along the lines you just drew.
Use your memory.
Go to sleep.
Review over everything you've done and sort out any last minute things, and once you have done sit back and relax.
Get a ride.
Get the kids on the floor and dance to the "Peanut Butter Jelly" song.
Sacrifice a four-legged animal.
To make the ghosts, spoon wispy heaps of Cool Whip, layering each scoop smaller and smaller (as if you're making a snowman).
Apply concealer and eyeshadow to the prosthetic so it matches your skin.
Give employees time or money to donate to charitable causes.
Find a suitable size pumpkin.
Make invitations, attach flowers to them, and hand-deliver them.
Check out worldwide Oktoberfest celebrations if you can't make it to Munich.
Add the cheese.
Have a dance contest.
Eat KFC.
Be more persistent with lucky charms.
Opt for a colour-based stocking theme.
Take them out of the sock.
Add the onions, garlic, and meat.
Spread it all over the ham.
Open up the Daily Holidays on the Net link.
Look for discount codes for shops and online retailers.
Take public transportation to reduce your environmental impact.
Embrace tradition with a classic Biryani dish.
Grow a pair of horns.
Now make a good supply of it and test it out throw at whatever you wish.
Get that task done finally.
Make the most of the drive.
Take two small eyes and glue to the top of his belly part.
Add your card and gift tag.
Get an internship.
Be familiar with the water plays, which are at the heart of Thai New Year.
Balance your week between lazy days at the beach or around the pool with sightseeing excursion.
Buy gifts at the duty free shop on departure for home.
Donate to victims of a recent disaster.
Ask others what the couple’s interests and tastes are.
Cut the end off of one popsicle stick.
Capture the details.
Plan your transport.
Bake their favorite dessert for them.
Know your alcohol limits.
Just for good housekeeping, and in case you want to use it again later, save this smaller version as a new file (rename it and save it where you can find it easily).
Have some foreign foods .
Prepare a large casserole or dish that can be placed into individual containers and frozen.
Measure the height of your ceiling.
Do something for someone who won't be having a special Christmas - place a gift under a wishing tree, have an elderly neighbour over for dinner giving to others is always a good thing.
Pass out smoke alarms to the general public.
Recognize if you're drinking too much.
Slip the chick peep on top of its bed inside the peep house.
Add any embellishments to the gift.
Place a small flower or leaf onto the egg.
Start with the bottom side.
Use flour to thicken if the mixture is too loose.
Choose to purchase sustainable, organic, or Fair Trade goods.
Organize your own event if your area doesn’t have one.
Learn How to Cook: if you are feeling creative then why not learn how to cook?.
Incorporate text into the wrapping paper to hint that it’s a book.
Decorate your tree further, if desired.
Focus on friends and family once you are on winter vacation and are out of school.
Dispose of the jack-o'-lantern in the garbage if you don't have a garden or compost.
Make her a scarf or a hat.
Keep everyone mingling.
Use your thumb to create an indent for the nest.
Serve white wine or sangria.
Volunteer for a charity.
Dye the egg again, if desired.
Be home at a certain time.
Give the party a theme.
Ask the eliminated players to help you out.
Keep the lights off to create a spooky ambience for scaring people.
Watch for possible reforms to the date.
Call (866) 511-GIFT if you cannot locate the number.
Place clips 5–6 ft (1.5–1.8 m) below the hooks on your ceiling.
Prepare your molds for the chocolate by polishing and oiling them.
Trim the excess seeds and flesh from the cap.
Ease the pumpkin inside the stocking.
Buy a GPS tracker.
Start a family tradition.
Give a themed gift basket.
Choose a small, wooden bead to make the head.
Use "Chag kasher v'sameach" to impress.
Search online for inspiration.
Be a hospitable guest.
Cover the tray with plastic and allow to chill for about 15-20 minutes in the fridge, until the cookie dough is relatively firm.
Place your gift bags in larger gift bags for a portable storage solution.
Choose the amount you want to load onto the card.
Prepare the tree.
Add details.
Consider a magazine subscription.
Shorten the Seder to 2 hours instead of 4.
Plant your succulents into the soil.
Next, get dressed and groom yourself.
Cross-Country Ski with those around you.
Buy objects that can be carried around, like small charms.
Join the two strands of icicles together.
Lay the glass pebble on the photo, flat side down, to see that it fits over a part you'd like to use for this craft.
Thread on small flowers or leaves for a hat or headdress.
During the party, have snacks such as Halloween candies and treats available.
Use less dishes.
Use a wrap.
Plan an elaborate cooking project.
Fold the larger piece of paper in half, hot dog style.
Stick a tree skirt to the ceiling.
Flare out the lengths you've just cut.
Insert sprigs into a floral foam ball.
Avoid buying clothing unless you know precisely what they want.
Consider taking a Christmas memento with you.
Check the terms.
Plug the strand into the electrical outlet, as you begin to loop the strand up to the closest first cuphook.
Behave as you go from house to house.
Read the instructions accompanying any toys.
Talk to the breeder or store from which the dog originally came.
Now to make this into a pattern that you can repeat, in Adobe Photoshop(TM) this is done by selecting \Edit\Define Pattern.
Place your cursor, which is now a series of dots, on the edges of your new design.
Use the e-gift card.
Let the shells dry, preferably overnight.
Light a bonfire from nine sacred woods: Rowan or sandalwood, applewood, dogwood, poplar wood, juniper, cedar, pine, holly and oak or elder.
Attach the top of the arms (shoulders) to the side of the bunny (leave the 'hands' unglued at this time).
If you chose to do the ribbon attachment method, skip this step.
Exercise.
Glue on the roof.
Congrats!.
Limit alcohol.
Address injuries quickly.
Attach the decoration to the gift.
Place a couple dots of black (red or pink) polish and drop the polish on the same paper/paper towel.
Don't believe success stories.
Notice what she likes doing.
Practice cartwheels.
Get there.
Pour the cooking wine all around the ham.
Tape 8 strips of crepe paper to one side of the balloon.
Use social media to spread the message about Towel Day.
Buy seasonal items.
Make Easter grass from candy.
Secure a pantyhose square around the egg.
Dye the egg.
Connect the gift to a personal memory.
Fill each cup 1/4 full with chocolate pudding.
Sit outside with your candy if you have a hard time attracting trick or treaters.
Send the cards 1-2 months in advance.
Turn on the fog, and watch it hug the ground!.
Leave a snack for the reindeer.
Hand sew the stocking.
Purchase the gift card to get it activated.
Check suspicious candy.
Stay young in mind and life!.
Make an offer to attend the post-Christmas sales with your gift recipient and offer to buy them something then.
Paint the three pots.
Clean the kitchen the night before.
Apply multi-purpose glue to the bottom of the bell, sprinkle glitter over.
Turn in pot handles when cooking on a stove and close the oven door at all times.
Make sure that your festivities include a good amount of food – either a large meal or various snack foods.
Embroider a spooky Halloween scene to display around your house.
Use festive return address labels, if desired.
Hang lights or tinsel from your curtain pole.
Give them a dog walking certificate.
Wrap your frame in Christmas lights.
Send your partner flowers.
Use specialized hooks when hanging lights on your gutter or windows.
Provide a 7 inch (17.8 cm) paper plate, 2 sheets of black construction paper, glue, scissors and paint for each child.
Chop your chocolate into fine pieces.
Carve the pumpkin as shown in this image.
Be Happy!.
Add the colored sequins one by one.
Hide behind the couch, and when you hear someone approach, squeeze the bulb causing a jet of blood to squirt on them.
Take it easy.
Be mellow yellow.
Consult the traditional etiquette scale.
Trick or treat between 7 PM to midnight.
Determine if you can set up recurring reloads on your gift card.
Take a trip to an aquarium if you have one near you.
Visit a local Asian restaurant, but don't just eat there -- talk to the owners.
Serve the meal with coffee or juice.
Proceed to checkout.
Wash the egg properly to make it clean and odorless.
Draw a design on paper of the same size as the real wreath.
Select sunglasses.
Enjoy Iftar meals.
Once dry decorate them, you can glue decorations on, paint with "puffy" paint, decorate with glitter, etc.
Make a guest list by only inviting polite, well-behaved children to your home.
Add crispy rice cereal to the melted butter and marshmallow mixture.
Spot punctuation in unusual places during the day.
Surprise your partner with sensuous pajamas.
Study a foreign language to impress your friends.
Add a small oval at the right side of the body oval.
Remove from the heat.
Add the ribbon to the wreath.
Examine your baby pumpkin to identify an area for the mouth.
Support a special cause or goal.
Click on the link that says “Sell Gift Card.” Find the store in the list of stores on the site.
Cookie and Cake Decorating- Let the kids decorate pre-made cookies or cakes with frosting and sprinkles, for a delicious treat!.
Make a trip to the nearest amusement park to enjoy the rides and games.
Look through the website to choose an arrangement.
Bake some cookies.
Choose healthy fruit snacks as a candy substitute.
Set a tealight in the pumpkin if you want the design illuminated.
Think of something to make that would be meaningful to him.
Decorate the dress if you wish.
Say "trick or treat" in a peppy voice once they open the door.
Honor a personal tradition.
Hang your mobile from a ceiling hook, curtain rail or any other surface where it can be enjoyed.
Only take the kids through your neighbourhood.
Notify those whom are signed up of who is coming, how many people will be there, and how many cookies they will need to bring.
Look around the house for things that can be transformed into some awesome "Christmas tree decorations".
Start wearing your poppy on your every day clothing straight away or wait until the week of Remembrance Sunday.
Consider shipping the gifts to your destination.
Learn what your handwriting says about yourself.
Tidy your room.
Don't try any pranks.
Have your kids make a homemade gift for a budget-friendly option.
Make sure it is something pretty.
Place the whipped cream into a piping bag.
Visit actual Washington State places that are featured or mentioned in the movie.
Cut some cord for your garland.
Photocopy the assembled bar codes.Take the sheet of paper with the bar codes assembled on it, and photocopy it.
Glue the two stocking pieces together.
Get a piece of blank paper.
Pour into 2 large glasses.
Add extra clay at the top and poke a small hole through it (this will be used to add the hook.
Place cuphooks at frequent intervals on your walls or around windows in the area, if planning to use them on your walls or windows.
Tie loop knots at each end of the string to aid hanging.
Give home-canned fruits and vegetables as gifts.
Find suitable foods for each compartment, according to their symbolism.
Make a “punny” wreath to wear around your neck.
Purchase from a retailer based in the United States or Puerto Rico.
Light up the staircase with fake pillar candles.
Have one or two people help out with stringing Christmas lights.
Lift the gift from the bottom and place it in the gift bag.
As the grass begins to mature and thicken, pinch out any stalks that appear unhealthy to encourage new shoots of healthier grass to come up.
Fold in 2 opposing corners so they meet point-to-point in the center of your square.
Have a Halloween lunch.
Heat the chocolate over a double boiler.
Prepare a gourmet food basket.
Throw them a tea party.
Attach the feet of the bunny underneath the bottom terra cotta pot.
Give her a “coupon book” of special tasks related to your relationship.
Cut out shapes using a Stanley knife or X-Acto knife.
Travel light.
Call the toll-free number on the back of your card.
Volunteering is another wonderful way to spend your summer time.
Also, if it suits you, try the exotic look - bright colours and flowing chiffons really are incredibly flattering.
Crush candy cane well.
Research about chocolate.
Turn your bag right-side-out and attach the handles.
Place the gift on top of the tissue paper and gather the paper around it.
Keep up with the Halloween horror theme.
Choose cheaper festive activities.
Track and watch Santa's journey.
Secure each item to the wreath.
Have a Halloween party.
Make 13 cookies or other baked good.
Decide how much you will spend.
Put the Christmas tree two halves back into the box.
Glue the hat onto the head.
Prep the branches for painting.
Continue learning about the ocean.
Decorate for a holiday.
Now, place your egg into ice water to cool.
Choose whether you want to keep different stills of your dear one alone.
Pick a theme to make your wreath cohesive.
Get creative with a gift that focuses on the number 16.
If coloring the sugar paste, do so now.
Add a decoration to the front, if desired.
Look up templates online.
Continue in this manner until the whole ball has been covered.
Use multiple dyes on one egg.
Present the gift nicely.
Review the rules of gas gift cards.
Buy him a gift based on his hobbies.
Go to the London Dungeons.
Dispose of wrapping paper in a garbage receptacle.
Volunteer to help out in your community.
Present each gift to the blindfolded honoree while the people giving the gift stand behind them.
Enter an amount and tap Next.
Sign and date it.
Pack your necessary items as well as some other ones too.
Stay as long as you planned at the beach.
Layer different shades of pink for a pink ombre pumpkin.
Even if you don't find any local celebrations, this doesn't prevent you and your companions from celebrating Christmas in your own way while traveling.
Avoid buying decorative items.
Make him a card.
Throw a party with a bonfire.
Demonstrate the candle lighting ritual, where seven candles are placed in a candle holder and lit on each day of Kwanzaa.
Visit a local aquarium for an awesome day trip activity.
Have an arsenal of facial reactions at your disposal.
Thank a veteran.
Let the chocolate cool once it's completely melted.
Purchase plastic clips or hooks.
Relax about traditions.
Serve fresh beverages like orange juice or mimosas.
Use buttons to make tiny teacups.
Create a seasonal side table just next to the front door.
Wear comfortable footwear.
Consider a birthday tattoo.
Decide whether to blow the egg or simply use it hard boiled.
Assess your home and yard.
Call a family conference and solicit more ideas from your family.
Crochet or knit a decoration.
Place both types of chocolate into a double boiler.
Attend a Remembrance Day event in your community.
Glue the fake hand onto the bottom of the bowl.
Drape garlands or tinsel.
Wire the cinnamon bundles.
Get a full eight hours of sleep the night before.
Tape the first paragraph to the wrapping paper to spark interest.
Drink fewer amounts of alcohol, or low-fat alcohol brands.
Dab or pipe a little royal icing onto the cookie surface.
Think about creating the trail to the haunted house.
Cut up the seam.
Play games.
Don't forget to change your towels- fall is gone, and winter is here.
Keep in mind that it is better to have more photos.
Take part in a parade.
Find out about the history of Scotland.
Put the picture face-down on top of the pebble and press down.
Enter information about your gift card.
Help the homeless:.
Plan what you will buy and make for Christmas dinner.
Measure and mark the spot where you plan on hanging the lights.
Choose an envelope that’s the size of the card or slightly larger.
Plop a reasonable sized scoop of Cool Whip on the cookie crumbs.
Stabilize the pumpkin on a flat surface.
Pool your money with friends or family if the gift is beyond your means.
Wait until next year!.
Repeat with the third row above that.
Debrief at the end of each day.
Help out.
Head to the pumpkin patch.
Think food for the trip.
Allow glue to dry and then turn over to watch the snowfall!.
Decide which designs you'll use.
Consider getting a new look.
Use the walls as much as possible.
Paste the second mold on the “outside” of the front cover (it's a positive embossing pattern).
Using the tip of a small knife, create a small, dime sized hole in one end of an egg.
Pull the lid off by the stem.
Get a gift card for Cloud 9 Living.
Place the celery spears and broccoli spears upright in one corner of the tray.
Hang your Christmas wreath on the door and have a Merry Christmas.
Be tactful and careful about declaring your undying romantic intentions.
Donate money to an organization that promotes peace.
Store the gifts that you intend to re-gift.
Get wall plugs to help anchor the lights to the walls.
Choose a consumable.
Do iftar.
Fold the strips at the measurement mark in an accordion style.
Stir the orange coloring into the vanilla pudding mix.
Treat visitors kindly.
Research where you can get these gifts from and write this down as well to help you with the Christmas shopping - or if you prefer order these items online.Also if you have children make sure they write a Christmas list to help you.
Do something he has been asking you to do but you haven't yet done.
Paint the outside of the egg.
Be grateful for the snow you are given.
Decorate using public domain Christmas art.
Avoid peak travel dates.
Write a card.
Enjoy your Halloween candy and Happy Halloween!.
Let the glue dry for about two to three hours.
Build a tree house!.
Sort out costumes.
Drop a hypothetical hint.
Buy a fake, craft pumpkin made from foam.
Talk to your kids.
Teach and educate in school.
Paste the cone shape on the egg, and bend it slightly to give it an effect of a hat.
Exchange the "Shiraga.".
Set out all your costume the night before the party, to ensure it's all ready for the big day.
Fold up the sides with the tabs on the inside.
Take evening bike rides to get exercise.
Cut the boards to match the outline.
Take a note from Scrooge.
Try a few photos with the lights on too, especially if you have any special effects or intricate carving details you'd like to show off.
Wrap the mummy using a roll of white crepe paper streamer.
Try penciling your eyebrows.
Try not to be disappointed when you come home.
Turn the clay pot upside down.
Keep accessories minimal.
Dip the wax designed egg into the lightest dye.
Decide how many photos you want to place on display.
Load the video on a flash drive and plug it into the projector.
Explore the areas that have become famous throughout the world while on spring break in Manhattan.
The one that can never be punctual.
See if the temperature is at 170 °F (77 °C).
Place it in the fridge for half an hour, or until hardened.
What does the person like?.
Transition from fall.
Celebrate by lighting a bonfire.
Use cut pieces of fruit to create an organic design.
Place the grated white chocolate into the shallow bowl.
Inspect all gifts as children open them.
Create a treasure hunt for your friends.
Research Famous Singers/Bands: Learn about some of music's biggest idols such as Elvis Presley, Michael Jackson or Bob Marley.
Peel the shells off, then cut the eggs in half lengthwise.
Consider making a layered tag.
Allow the box to dry completely before putting anything inside it.
Disguise easy to recognize presents.
Sign your kids up for a spring break camp or class.
Learn about it.
Spray the wreath with clear, glossy sealant to make it last longer.
Show one of your husband’s favorite movies.
Shop for the right accommodations.
Choose refreshing re-hydration drinks over sugary treats.
Create a letter-writing kit.
Color it and you're done!.
Keep the focus on the child and the family.
Create a portrait or landscape blank page, depending on the desired size.
It should be hard now, if crumbles do not fix it just use remains to make another.
Have some Easter games for the kids and the big kids-at-heart.
Keep them at an arm’s length at all times.
Prepare your drinks.
Take 2 handfuls of dry sand.
Be yourself.
Make snow puffs for the mantel.
Design your display.
Add some arms.
Ask an employee if they can check the balance on your gift card.
Place the orange peel into the saucepan.
Exercise to distract yourself and get out of the house.
Connect with family from afar.
Peel or scratch off the label from the back of the gift card.
Mix in the eggs and vanilla.
Wash the outside of several raw (chicken's) eggs).
Secure the center with a piece of tape.
Make a birthday in a box.
A collector would also love it if you can find a rare book, maybe a first or second print edition.
Consider a corny gift.
Add any other decorative elements such as tinsel to finish off the piece.
Consider hiring a pianist or cabaret singer to perform at your party.
Take your child to a haunted house.
Clean out inside of the pumpkin once you’ve removed the piece that will hold the vampire teeth.
Feel free to try out your own ideas!.
Decide whether you want an artificial or real tree.
Be polite  when trick or treating.
Plan a surprise party.
Talk to your grandparent.
Make a shield for the cake.
Get help for self-destructive behaviors.
Decide how you want to decorate.
Give mini-toothbrush sets.
Glue small pom-poms onto your eggs to create a funky look.
Offer games so that the children can win prizes such as candies, chocolate and little toys.
Send out invitations to your guests at least before the date of your cookie exchange.
Place the wrapped gift in the center of the laid out sheets of tissue paper.
Take a spare rubbish bag with you whenever you visit the beach.
Set aside time to celebrate in whatever way you want.
Access the controls.
Make something or offer your time.
Embellish the rest of the photo using markers, glitter, little bows, lace, sequins, and other items as wished.
Challenge yourself.
Have a procession using battery operated tea lights.
Preheat the oven and grease the the pans.
Use colorful candy sticks in place of candles.
Avoid distractions.
Plan how many layers you wish to make/fit into the jar.
Do the same on the other side.
Decide who you want to be sexy on Halloween for.
Measure the length and width of your box with a ruler.
Get them a hamster shirt.
Know that turkey is a good food for dogs.
Maintain your display.
Choose a gourd.
Roll the cookie dough into balls and place them onto the tray.
Pickle the peel.
Add fabric to the eggs.
Turn a white pumpkin into a ghost or skeleton.
Consider gift size.
Get involved when there's an oil spill.
Let dry.
Visit the Towel Day website to see what others are doing on Towel Day.
Hint when you receive a gift.
Pipe cream in a round on the top of the body piece of the strawberry.
Navigate to the Walmart website in your web browser and sign in with your Walmart online credentials.
Tape again and you're done folding!.
Limit your consumption of sugar, caffeine, and alcohol.
Arrange the graham crackers into a house.
Record the card’s information in the event that you lose it.
Enjoy a picnic.
Cover the two balls with the white sock.
Help your parents clean.
Volunteer.
Place the cards in a secure place after collection.
Select the cookie cutters.
Draw a basic star shape onto a piece of card as the template.
Make or purchase the props.
Consider sporting gear.
Square off and flatten the top of the sand pile.
Do not pinch wires in doorways or windows.
Purchase or make a wreath.
Ask venue staff to collect cards.
Consider stationery.
Paste a white flower of a smaller size on top of the bronze flower.
Measure the open space on your tote.
Using a plate or tray that is a few inches larger than the circumference of the pumpkin, place a festive napkin or fabric swatch (a roughly cut section of burlap gives a real “autumnal” feel) over the plate.
Head to a museum or gallery exhibit about African American history.
Exchange the sake casks.
Join the carolers.
Take part in as many of these free activities until you earn enough points/tokens for those free gift cards.
Print the photo out on the Shrinky Dink paper.
Make your gift a fun activity.
Wrap the lights around the bottom of 2 of the lower clips.
Make a family of mummy pumpkins for a fun theme.
Start a Club: it can be about anything!.
Discard the stand that comes with your tree.
Finish winding just before the bellows (the accordion-like, bendy part of the straw) and cut the tape.
Pass around a chalice that is used for everyone to drink from.
Fill some wicker baskets with pine cones and set them in your kitchen or bathroom; you can add a small amount of potpourri under the pine cones such as Cinnamon, or any holiday scent...small holiday bowls from the store are great for this.
Thread the ribbon first through a picture and then the letters of your message having pictures in between each word, and at last one more picture.
Fill half of the egg-halves with candy.
Get powered up.
Tag Tamers, which are soft attachable covers for clothing tags, are a wonderful gift for senior citizens as they will stop the itchiness and scratching caused by sewn-in garment tags  Yes, you could cut out the tags, but there is always a little left at the seam and that can be more irritating than the whole tag itself.
Press an indentation into each "nest".
Consider leaving your dog at home.
Add some spooky magic to your yard with a levitating witch's broom.
Familiarize yourself with the 39 tasks prohibited on Shabbat.
Plan your garden space to include edible items.
Take a walk.
Make a Santa belt buckle on a red ornament for a playful flair.
Wash the leaves.
Plan it.
Fashion a regular wreath into one for Easter.
As you near the top of the bookworm Christmas tree, the books may benefit from being placed one on top of the other, discontinuing the circles.
Wrap the ribbons around the box and secure them with double-sided tape.
Arrange the gifts.
Trace around the pebble and cut out the picture.
Try the indirect approach.
Hard boil some white eggs.
Go on a college visit if you’re beginning the application process.
Eat oat and barley cakes, the traditional Celtic Beltane treats.
Avoid taking a newborn into the water.
Add wiggly eyes underneath the rim of the terracotta pot.
Take allergies and food or chemical sensitivities into account when purchasing gifts for any age group.
Observe people's handwriting.
Gift first, card second.
Start off with a clean face.
Final Product.
Assemble a gift basket full of your teen's favorite things.
Sum it up.
Steady the camera.
Cut your card-stock paper to the new width measurement.
Rest assured that your parents won't have forgotten you.
Embellish it.
Plug it in and enjoy!.
Fill each glass halfway with the chocolate pudding first.
Attach found objects to a block of wood, and use that as your stamp.
Scatter the "ghosts" and "tombstones" throughout the graveyard.
Shape it into balls.
Broaden your horizons.
Cut a block of the clay into eight evenly sized cubes using a craft knife.
Join a pie club.
Squeeze out two small chocolate dots from the liquid chocolate to form eyes.
Fill each cone basket with candies.
Indulge your sweet tooth.
Seal the box and place the tree box into storage until you need it again the following year.
Volunteer somewhere.
While the puffy paint is drying, take out the rest of your construction paper, as well as the shoebox.
Assemble the dummy by taping the parts together.
Make sure your children are not alone.
Organize something fun to do after work, studies, or other duties.
Place a cup and saucer to the right of the soup spoon for coffee and tea.
Check again that the unit is stable and that all bases are flat.
Divide each side in three equal parts.
Bake with peanut butter.
Remove the paper and place it flat on the table.
Buy two bags of ice.
Invite guests.
Add outdoor potting soil to about one inch below the rim of the container.
Don't hesitate if you can't find or don't know what to get a 9 to 11 year old.
Arrange snowflake patterns under waxed paper.
Ask to make a pitstop if you start going stir crazy.
Prepare easy snacks, like cheese and crackers and veggies and dips.
Have a throwback birthday party for your husband.
Tuck the first cylinder into the second one, then staple the top edges.
Prepare the crescent dough.
Get a piece of thin cardboard (colored card) the size of your photo.
Make a map of your house.
Wait until the polish is completely dry.
Cut the pattern on the inside line and place a # 1 on one side of the pattern.
Try to practice gift giving without expectation.
Repeat the squash fold on the remaining 3 flaps.
Once you get there, settle in, unpack and have a rest or walk around.
Leave the cups in the fridge for 4 hours.
Maintain boundaries.
When buying a present that requires assembly make sure you check all the components prior to putting it together, if leaving the assembly to Christmas Eve.
Water your tree on a daily basis or as needed to keep it fresh.
Click the image on the right and then print out the image on the right in a similar manner with heavy paper.
Have spooky walls.
Let go of chores.
Place your Christmas centrepiece and ask the guest of honour to light the candle.
Remove the plastic wrap from the ham.
Make more flowers using a similar technique.
Suggest a specific date for Valentine’s Day.
Hot glue the flowers to the cord.
Assemble the items needed to complete the project.
Baking is also good fun even if you’re not that good.
Pipe the white chocolate over the snowflake designs.
Place the gift card in the envelope.
Make sure that costumes are health and visual approved.
Give station tours that week.
Hide in a shrub with a water hose.
Have a water ball challenge.
Be creative.
Don't be stuck in the mindset of buying something as the only solution.
Fold the circle in half.
Buy a reusable advent calendar for your child.
Seek help if you think you have a problem with alcohol.
Organize a fundraiser to raise money for a charity that supports peace.
Make sure your work area is safe.
Check with local regulations to be sure that it's okay to run a raffle of the type you're having.
Create your own Christmas color scheme for a modern take.
Cook a meal and deliver plates to the needy.
Open the gift bag and lay it on its side on a table or surface.
Determine your budget.
Continue to play pretend.
Consider serving food.
Get a ring tattoo.
Make sure you act surprised on Christmas day.
Go to Carpool .com, Giftcardgranny.com and giftcardbalancenow.com.
Glue the feet to the base of your pinecone.
Go onto a magazines website (Dolly is one of them) and see if they have newsletters they can send to your email address.
Watch the movie or TV series made from Adams' books or listen to audio versions.
Get the gift out when you need it.
Comment on your favorite Christmas tunes — either classic tunes or not — and tell the world why you like each tune.
Use clothespins to secure your favorite photos to the light strand.
Securing the box.
There is a vast variety of festive paper plates, cups and the like.
Examine local crafts and specialties, but be careful of what you are charged.
Do an online search for national floral delivery.
Pick one thing on the list.
Continue with the remaining 2 pieces of conduit until you have bolted all five corners of the star together.
Choose a pre-lit tree if you want to avoid the hassle of hanging lights.
Write letters to all your relatives and friends.
Put in your wallet, just in case you'd like to buy something at the airport or on your trip.
Use the potato as a way to learn more about botany.
Fold the triangle you just made in half.
Fold and crease the paper on the edge of the box side.
Write a personal note.
Help out around the house, your parents need some help too!.
Bon Appétit!.
Serve a green salad as a starter as a crowd pleaser.
Put aside your responsibilities for a day.
Cut out and score-fold the pattern.
Roll message into a tight package.
Turn everyday tasks into adventures.
Eat traditional Irish food.
Use a hole punch to create holes for threading your banner.
Melt a few coloured wafers (any colour you want, or rainbow) and drizzle into both parts of the plastic egg.
Mix the dough for pan de muerto.
Put the card into an envelope and mail it to your guests.
Play music in the background.
Leave to dry.
Use pretzels between the sticks or carrots to build the fence for your graveyard.
Each year, bring your child to the mall to take a picture with Santa Claus.
Visit a veterans’ hospital or nursing home.
Create an inventory sheet.
Assemble an organic spa basket.
Check that your expectations are realistic.
Thread orange, black or yellow string or ribbon through the template, making sure the string is of varying lengths, but long enough to hang effectively.
Arrange all of the Santas on a large plate.
Bake the hot dogs.
Let the talking continue, as you watch and talk with them.
Frighten the kids with a dummy dressed up as a vampire, zombie or other ghoul.
Make candy cane reindeer.
Consider staying up during the night to welcome autumn.
Visit attractions that teach you about virtually any subject or interest.
Place the biscuits into a re-sealable zipper storage bag.
Fold up any branches that you had to help expand (to make the tree hold ornaments more evenly) when you began to set up the tree earlier in the season.
Mix up a “mocktail.” Staying away from alcohol doesn’t mean you have to stick with a boring drink.
Purchase a raffle book or more.
Enjoy the opportunity to celebrate Christmas somewhere different.
Complete your transaction.
Cover your door in wrapping paper for a gift-focused theme.
Use Christmas shapes as your stocking theme.
Make a solstice feast.
Be concise.
Determine the kind of gift your husband will find meaningful.
Start embossing with the needle on the reverse side.
Send a card.
Use a spoon or a ladle to remove any scum from the water.
Stick the wires into the clay.
Put fragile decorations out of reach of children.
Use tape sparingly.
Visit the NORAD Tracks Santa website on Christmas Eve.
Add a hanger to the top back of the frame so that it can be hung.
Let kids reach into the bowl so they can pick out their favorites.
Establishing new birthday traditions will be fun.
Contact a local organization.
Consolidate your shopping.
Try using a tripod.
Give her a nice card.
Drill or stick a hook to your ceiling.
Experience Chicago's restaurant scene.
Fold the narrow edges down by ⁄2 inch (1.3 cm) to make the hems.
Decide how much you want to spend.
For this project you will need orange, yellow and red peppers, a paring knife and a spoon.
"Bunnify" your table.
Let yourself be pampered.
Decorate the tree with lights and some popcorn or cranberry strands.
Research on the geographic locations.
Make a bunting.
Stick the tissue paper in the bag to display the crisp points.
Have your child place one of their shoes in front of the fire or the stove or any home heating source filled with hay or a carrot for the horse of Sinterklaas.
Add the chocolates or candies.
Click the “Gift Cards” link at the top of the page.
Start planning the different rooms.
Write your message on the back of the gift tag.
Get a nice early night!.
Invite your friends over for a cozy brunch at home.
Fold the wire, using your free hand, creating a v-shape.
Check for any Moon Festival celebrations in your area.
Cut the top side using the same process as above.
Dip the eraser on your pencil into some liquid latex to coat it.
Paste one large-sized peel off letter on each cardstock to create letters of your message.
Decorate and fill mason jars with your family's favorite items.
Cut out the facial features as you would a pumpkin.
Start cutting.
Send them to the movies.
About a week before you leave, make a list of and gather items you'll need.
Behave on mother's day.
Give it to them and watch the expression on their face!.
Make the scarf out of a thin strip of red craft felt.
Build or set up a monument to autumn.
With your pencil, follow the lines and make a top of a circle to form the top of its head.
Consider wearing your poppy on the left side, as this is close to the heart, men may consider it correct to wear their poppy in their left lapel, similar to a boutonnière.
Paint a hat design on the gourd's top.
Hang the Christmas cookie cutter garland.
Drop a historical hint.
Make canvas art with duct tape.
Click “gift it” next to the deal you want to send as a gift for someone else.
Offer cat sitting.
Wrap foil around a candle.
Carefully wash the shells out with soapy water.
Order or buy lots of Christmas cards for your family and your friends.
Tune in to local TV and radio stations for an inside look at attractions.
Top off your blini.
Consider a larger gift, such as household furnishings, to gift to the couple.
Set the box down on its side in front of you.
Put the batik eggs on display.
Display the peeps pops in a basket or other Easter container filled with Easter grass.
Symbolize the passage of Advent with an Advent wreath.
Don't wear inappropriate costumes.
Line the bottom of your container or basket with a scrap of burlap, or another loosely woven type of fabric.
Spread the hummus mixture over a rectangular dip tray or other shallow tray.
Make a wreath by cutting cards into circles, then gluing them together.
Buy a pumpkin from your local supermarket or from a farm shop.
Buy some activity items.
Choose a design that fits the party's theme.
Reduce the oven temperature to 350 °F (177 °C) and cook the turkey crown for 1 1/2 hours.
Wrap the star with the lights.
Prepare for the tenth day of Christmas.
Have a special cake.
Gather your ingredients.
Rake the leaves.
Stay festive!.
Add Halloween trinkets.
Purchase a box specifically for wine glasses or reuse a box you have.
Dip the egg into metallic confetti.
Avoid social media.
Detail the head and facial features.
Don't make a big deal of it.
Hold a "Fire Prevention Day" at the local school.
Paint the box once the primer has fully dried.
Keep it light and straightforward.
Add "fingernails".
Last but not least, get the music on and dance!.
Ask your school about rules for locker decorating.
Roll out the sugar paste to a slight, even width.
Remember the purpose of a hint.
Decide on a paper or fabric to cover your pumpkin.
Have some kid-friendly food options.
Party like Taylor Swift.
Reflect on what you’ve done and learned.
Add hobby related item.
Place decorations on the treetops.
Take another piece of fabric and knot it around the top of the wreath.
Decide on a location.
Purchase plastic stick-on clips/hooks for the inside of the window frame.
Wear shorts.
Say something special and heartfelt to the happy couple.
Roll the dried construction paper into a tube.
Spend some quality time with your family and friends.
Place lit candles where they cannot be easily knocked over.
Exchange the "Surume.".
Help hand out candy to the trick-or-treaters.
Make some Valentine's Day candle holders using mason jars, paint, and glitter.
Make a blog.
If you go outside and claim your playing with a friend, you can sneak into the car and look under the seats if your mom/dad just went shopping and hasn't unloaded the car yet.
Copy and paste the gift certificate image on the page as many times as it will fit.
Give just a piece or two to trick-or-treaters coming to your house.
It would be fun to have a dummy at the table but this may be only appropriate for older children.
Check for freshness by one of the following methods:.
Draw facial features.
Set the egg into an egg holder.
Screw in the hook and hang.
Inspect holiday lights every year for frayed wires, broken plugs, excessive kinking, and gaps in the cord insulation.
Serve atole.
Tie the handles together with a small piece of scissor curled ribbon if the gift is small enough to accept this.
Paint the hand itself with oil-based paint.
Show symbols of American pride.
Bolt two pieces of conduit together using the 3" bolt.
Customize a dog tag.
Prepare for the third day of Christmas.
Take two chocolate sandwich cookies and mush them up into a powder, or into the same consistency as dirt.
Work out what to give yourself.
Work part-time to earn extra money.
Prepare food at the right time.
Create a festive fruit bowl with apples, oranges, satsumas, and nuts.
Consider DVDs or CDs, if your budget allows.
Apply the usual pickup rules.
Use a rolling pin or food processor to crush the Oreo cookies.
Set up your glitter box.
Spread more marinara sauce on the top of the matzoh.
Relax and have fun!.
Add the batter to the pan.
Assess your budget.
Put together your drinks and main courses a few hours before the start of the party.
Get romantic.
Set a bowl on your porch if you won’t be around to hand out candy yourself.
Now, take a pencil and draw a wiggly line on the side of the face.
Transfer the filling into a piping bag.
Assemble this row of cards in these spaces.
Cut a small rectangle and fold it in half and write the person its from (you) and the person it's going to.
Keep your doors closed.
Share your accomplishments with your friends and family.
Respect your child's ambiguous feelings.
Think about music and lighting.
Go to church.
Cool the mug cake for about a minute or so.
Get your pan ready.
Play or sing public domain Christmas music (songs, hymns, and instrumental).
Enjoy your poinsettia lady.
Make them a music mix.
Add some layers to your card.
Think about how lucky you are.
Draw designs on colored paper with metallic or gel pens.
Achieve success at work.
Add graphics and any other decorative characters that you want to be on the certificate.
Find some of the popcorn ball type pine cones, you can add a few of them in to your decorative bowls or baskets.
Consider shaking some glitter onto your icicles.
Schedule a shoot at least two months before Christmas.
Paint them with a glue solution.
Wait 2 to 3 minutes for the hot glue to cool.
Protect your gift by using at least 1 in (2.5 cm) of cushioning on each side.
Choose sweet and salty foods for flavorful stuffers.
Form a small well and add the wet ingredients.
Make a list of all the stuff that you have put in your suitcase and carry on what you need to put just in case you get a feeling that you have forgotten something in the place you were staying in during the holiday just when you're about to leave for home.
Take eight wooden clothespins.
Hang up a banner that reads, "DON'T PANIC.".
If you want to be really festive, you can buy Christmas cushions and a Christmas duvet and pillow cover.
Find your favorite teddy bears.
Get them a grooming bag.
Shape the clay around the wires as you like.
Roll the balls in coconut and chill just before serving.
Use simple topics to talk about at first.
Buy tickets for a joint experience.
Make mulled cider.
Use appropriate body language.
Enjoy your Stay-cation!.
Take the second pot and immediately attach the large rim to the previous one (the second pot is basically upside down on top of the first).
Set up the decorations.
Check the airline sites and your usual travel booking sites for last-minute deals.
Use Valentine's Day as an actively seek a partner day, so many places put on singles evenings so get your girlfriends or male friends together and head for a singles party.
Find a long straight piece of material that will help you make square sides like stairs.
Glue a wing (the large triangles) to each side of the clay pot.
Give your employees paid time off.
Ask for a pin with your poppy if you want to pin it to a tee shirt, top or coat.
Make a basket full of fun little foods, a card, and a few other nice items, like toiletries, gum, a scarf, etc.
Continue pinning on the bells.
Hard boil the eggs.
Attach an ornament cap to hang the eggs on a Christmas tree.
Support his gaming hobby.
Hold some teddy bear activities.
Make Your Own Magazine: Start a magazine with all of your friends.
Make your dining table look like if it's just been left all dusty and forgotten forever.
Add embellishments like gift tags or bows if desired.
Stack the remaining fat quarter triangles on top to make a tree.
Sponsor an impoverished child or family to know exactly who you’re helping.
Practice self-care in your mind and body.
Insert a small gift by opening the tube as shown.
If you don't feel like visiting the beach, you could park yourself at a cafe with a cold drink, socialize (camping grounds are great places to meet new people, or just go people watching), hang out at the mall, go for a walk or bike ride.
Be aware of the increases in costs while traveling over the Memorial Day weekend.
Determine the best location for the projector to get maximum visibility.
Decorate the exterior of your house.
Prepare your dye.
Celebrate at the end of the time of pilgrimage.
Purchase gift cards.
Don't do anything dangerous.
Get black balloons and black crepe paper.
Get as much cornflour/flour as you want to make your fake blood.
Visit the S&H greenpoints website to see the merchandise the company offers.
Arrange the supplies.
Place four of the hanger pairs together, with the hooks pointing away from the center.
Make plans.
Plan a hovercraft ride, which, for many people is a thrill-of-a-lifetime.
Create a duct tape head.
Place the lid on top of the cocktail shaker.
Spend time with him.
Wait until the dough is firm.
Watch the military parade down the Champs Elysées in the morning.
Decorate the rest of your card as desired.
Choose your cheats wisely.
Decide on your favorite decoration idea for the door.
Put your pumpkin in a cold place.
Reach out to a long lost friend or relative.
Have supportive friends to call when you're feeling tempted.
Prepare for the second day of Christmas.
Choose a theme or over-arching activity.
Fold the beak into a triangle (in half) and using the hot glue, glue the beak just below his eyes.
Cut along the line that you drew.
Give a box or jar of good luck.
Start a Ferris wheel collection.
Make glowing ping pong ball decorations.
Add enough water to make the mixture dribble- but not watery-consistency.
Call your mom.
Dip in the beaten egg and roll in the cheesy Bitesize Shredded Wheat coating.
Let the children celebrate.
Fold the corner down to the edge.
Start that creative endeavor you've been curious about.
Turn the model over.
End the Seder at bedtime.
Decide what food you will serve.
Consider having a party at home.
Wipe the squash clean.
Turn the strip inside-out, the press it with an iron.
Music for the Music Lover.
Watch Winnie the Pooh videos or catch episodes on television.
Go out if you do not want to cook.
Optionally, put "chag" at the start of "Pesach sameach.".
Try cranberry sauce in small amounts.
Tap off excess glitter and let dry.
Try to limit the amount of video games and computer time.
Participate in Black History Month activities at school.
Cuddle and sleep with a stuffed animal of your favorite character.
Repeat this until you have made enough fake blood caps.
Head to the smaller tents during the week for a more diverse and less crowded experience.
Burn some incense made of these woods to get the scent of an open campfire if you can't get the real thing.
Take turns spinning the dreidel.
Serve tea and head outside to moon gaze together.
Prepare the Traditional Passover Meal.
Create a Christmas-themed bulletin board.
Set out the food about five or ten minutes before the guests start to arrive.
Give that lazy son-in-law a cooking set and a food processor.
Decide on how you will attach the decorations.
Add the icing sugar and mix thoroughly to form a smooth paste.
Fold the bottom half of the unit up to meet the top.
Take many photos.
Relax after lunch.
Show some body parts.
Bake your pan de muerto.
Add a large spoonful of chocolate to each half mold and swirl to coat.
Take her on a memorable date.
Get some extra sleep.
Buy sunscreen.
Bake.
Peel the tape off.
Turn the floor into an escape trail.
Prepare food.
Give something with personal or sentimental value.
Make your own peanut butter.
Learn some nice skill.
Sprinkle the cookie crumbs and sprinkles on top of each pudding cup for a nice decoration.
Reduce the amount and up the quality.
Place the Christmas tree in the location you chose.
Give her the present.
Rip sheets of newspaper into 2 in (5.1 cm) strips.
Cut the 5 ½” wide board to 1 foot (0.3 m) in length.
After waiting for the egg to cool, (about 15 minutes in ice water, longer without ice water), Open the eggs.
Go on a stroll through a local state park to encourage a positive mood.
Add the lights.
Punch a hole near the top of the gift tag.
Place the plastic clips on the inside of the window frame.
Make Mammy Yokum's Cream of Wheat Apple Pudding.
Wrap the present neatly.
Buy burger buns and some spaghetti.
When it's complete, you can proudly share your slide show with friends, family members, and anyone you choose.
Learn a Māori karakia.
Color in your shamrock with different shades of green.
Exchange the money.
Open a sub-savings account.
Roll out the cookie dough.
Prepare yourself for disappointment.
Be a good host and set the mood.
Gather your friends/family.
Think carefully about what the other person would not buy for themselves.
Bake your friends' and family's favorite desserts, pastries, or baked goods.
Allow the dog to explore the home.
Provide alcohol.
Freeze for 10 to 15 minutes.
Know alternate routes at your destination.
Get a gift you can personalize.
Use string, ribbon, used yarn or wool instead of sticky tape, which is a bane for landfill.
Distract your child while you slip gifts into the basket.
Decorate a church with poinsettias during the Christmas season.
Print out this pattern.
Drink traditional liquors.
Strain the cocktail into a martini glass.
Get a receipt of purchase.
Try looking really really cute.
Color in the remaining spots with the original brown pencil/pastel you used.
Send leftovers home with your guests.
Drill a 3/8" hole through one end of 5 pieces of conduit 1" from one end.
Wrap up whatever you get her nicely.
Seal the envelope with a stamp, stickers, or other embellishments.
Select gifts that are easy to pack.
Learn about their religion.
Look for the famous Boo to You parade to be held nightly.
Start unfolding each piece from the centre in a star burst formation.
Practice crime prevention in your own home.
Budget the party.
Trace the pumpkin shape onto the front of the card.
Attach any other adornments if desired.
Opt for net lights to easily cover smaller bushes.
Cook and distribute the meat.
Create a better community for all to enjoy and to feel safe.
Cook bacon in a variety of ways.
While the glue is still tacky, hold the ornament above your glitter box and spoon glitter over the ornament.
Place the pan into the fridge.
Lay the bacon over the top of the turkey crown.
Display the Christmas gourd snowman.
Find the area of the window where you'd like to place the card.
Assemble the items needed to complete this project.
Blend the milk and eggnog for 5 seconds.
Actively listen.
Bring a friend (at least one - the more friends, the better).
Secure with a tie.
Select useful items for a practical stocking.
Lift the egg out of the dye bath.
Assemble the tree.
Make a charitable donation in their name to an appropriate charity or good cause.
Draw up a dream itinerary.
Without touching the angle on the saw, cut two matching pieces for the long sides.
Be good luck-oriented.
Make Anzac biscuits.
Love your exercise.
Work on your drawing skills throughout the summer.
Make your costume.
Set the saw to 12.5 degrees and cut the remaining angles for the long and short sides.
Celebrate Saint Mikulas Day.
Take the third pot and apply glue to the small bottom portion.
Fill the gloves with candies.
Whilst the potatoes are cooking, put 50g of Bitesize Shredded Wheat in a food processor and whiz for 1–2 minutes, until reduced to fine crumbs.
Make something instead of buying.
Thank any dressed armed service members you see.
Cut into the pumpkin slowly.
Make a gift for her.
Place a layer of wheat or grass seeds across the container, packed in tightly so that you can't see the soil underneath.
Wrap the entire shoe in black duct tape, and secure the toe points into place.
Bring a clock to your room.
Starting at the shorter end of the straw, just above the concertina bend in the straw, cut the top into eight even lengths.
Create glowing orbs.
Go for sturdy yet simple dishware that can be used everyday.
Cover the gift with tissue paper.
Get up earlier than your mother.
Add some sparkle to just about anything with glitter.
Attend a local Flag Day parade to celebrate as a community.
Pick decorations that will fit the size of your car.
Try Canada or Mexico.
Buy a big ticket item with a group of friends or family.
Head to an ice-skating rink for a taste of cold.
Draw a midrib for each leaf.
Install a ⁄64 in (0.52 cm) masonry drill bit into a power drill.
Add the Contour color.
Watch a speech given by a local judge.
Let the paper mâché dry for at least 24 hours.
Place the bones in a separate bowl.
Give a gift to your boss for altruistic reasons only.
Deconstruct the two halves of the tree, if you had to construct them together at the beginning of the season.
Wrap a piece of wool roving around the snowman, then poke it into the Styrofoam balls using a felting needle.
Fold these triangles in towards the connecting rectangle.
Make a scrapbook for your teen for when they graduate from school.
Keep the soil moist, not wet.
Create a gore gateway.
Take him/her somewhere he/she has always wanted to go to.
Plug in the string lights and drape them over the first 2 top hooks.
Decorate your yard with items to scare superstitious Trick-or-Treaters.
Rest the turkey crown for 20 minutes.Remove the turkey crown and cover it loosely with aluminum foil.
Take your thinly sliced almonds and stick them into the peanut butter.
Add finishing touches.
Be understanding and compassionate instead of angry and "right".
Focus your time on those who care about you.
Paint half of the egg using Mod Podge.
Watch an Australian movie.
Decide on a date (31st October?!).
Stitch the hat together wrong sides together, then turn right side out.
When the dough has cooled off, roll and flatten it.
Apply 1-2 coats of top coat and you’re done!.
Ornament with red marker, if desired.
Eat well on Christmas Day itself.
Look for a doorbell once you arrive at a house.
Thread a piece of narrow ribbon through the loop at the top.
Watch a Christmas movie with your family!.
Read the warnings and safety precautions accompanying the toy.
Be mindful of the possible reasons why a gift may be returned.
Fill in the spaces that you feel need to be filled to make the heart look fuller.
Fold the remaining top of the rectangle down and into the stocking.
Cut a narrow strip out of felt to make the scarf.
Place 3 or 4 sheets of tissue paper on a flat surface.
Wrap the gifts when you arrive at your destination.
Grab the wire that is between the last (end-most) bulb at the bottom of the strand of lights and the next one.
Receive your gift card via mail or email.
Express your regrets if you cannot attend the wedding.
Have a spa day at home if you are in need of relaxation.
Decide where to place the bookworm tree.
Fold one corner to meet the center of the X.
Place on display.
Draw eyes and mouth on it using sketch pens, and paste mustache and beard using some more cotton, it would be better if you do it after painting the face.
Give your traveler a journal.
Wrap rubber bands around eggs before dyeing or painting them.
Do all her work for her and let her relax.
Sheepskin seat belt covers are usually not something you think of as a gift, but the comfort level of senior citizens is so improved that they will thank you over and over for these covers.
Get her maid service.
Invite friends over.
Stay up as late as you can on December 23rd.
Exchange the "Katsuo-Bushi.".
Let nature act as the main decoration.
Add a bow and other touches as desired.
Write a script for each character (they should be allowed to change it slightly).
Find out what kind of books they like.
Fill with gift items.
Contact the retailer about their return policy.
Orient the tree's branches.
Make Passover crafts.
Passover Haggadahs are special books provided to teach the steps of the Passover Seder and to tell the Story of Passover.
Attach the lights to the tree.
Put glue on the bottom strip to attach your coupons to the box.
Purchase a decent prize.
Participate in or organize an Amish quilting bee to create the traditional double wedding ring design on a wedding quilt for the couple.
Read patriotic legends of your country.
Measure and secure the cheesecloth.
Wait until the heart(s) are completely dry.
Ice Golf: A truly Russian experience to be had nowhere else in the world.
Research the different ways peanut butter is used in food recipes.
Place candles in safe locations.
Display.
Be considerate about presentation.
Get a transparent glass "pebble" or "gem".
Bend the top edge over one flat end of the gift.
Give them money for an animal sanctuary.
Follow street safety rules.
Get gifts your valentine will appreciate.
Choose a festival to attend.
Cut 1 in (2.5 cm) slits into the fold, stopping 1 inch (2.5 cm) from the top.
Bring someone into his life who he hasn't seen for ages.
Opt for items related to a hobby or profession for a personal touch.
Go for the gluten free turkey.
Attach the line of threaded pompoms to the snowflake.
Keep the flame.
Cut a piece of plywood to fit inside the tub.
Once you are certain that all of the consoles wires and attachments are packaged and there isn’t much room for anything to move about, you should then add additional protective material to fill any gaps.
Cut your foam sheets to a size and shape that you desire.
Draw closed with the drawstring or tie a ribbon around the top.
Stir in cinnamon, ginger, allspice, and cloves to make gingerbread eggnog.
Buy something more permanent.
Create a new jack-o-lantern face in the same general area where the old  features existed.
Make a piece of DIY art.
Swap family recipes.
Opt for a cash gift.
Organize any Christmas parties or get togethers.
Buy your poppy from a genuine source.
And tuck it inside.You should have a triangle now.
Find a gift that means something about the other person to you.
Roll the shirt in the tissue paper.
Create calaveras.
Glue small, black gems to the snowman to make the eyes and buttons.
Instead of folding your clothes roll each one of them separately and place them one on top of another(for more space)  and put them in the bag you plan to check or put in the trunk of the car.
Circulate when the party is going on.
Create a title for your Earth Day diorama.
Think about her interests.
If you're feeling down, plan for the summer.
Include your dog in the festivities.
Glue the points onto the star.
Spell out “Trick or Treat” in small pumpkins.
Research indoor activities at your destination.
Put together a menu.
Put hot chocolate powder in blender.
Remove the chilled chocolate and cream mix from the refrigerator.
Dip 8 legs and one that is in the original shape in the whipped cream.
Do not use petroleum jelly to preserve a pumpkin.
Cook for her.
Have people hiding behind walls, in empty picture frames, under tables etc.
Pad out the mummy's body.
Pack cleaning supplies.
After sundown, eat a very filling, break-fast meal.
Get a fake hand, a bowl, glue, and candy.
Choose a bundle of hanging baubles.
Prepare a map of your intended best candy-giving houses trail.
Be prepared for the altering weather conditions.
Surprise him/her with a picnic.
Try the sleep approach.
Wait a few weeks for processing, then watch for a check in the mail or log into your greenpoints account to see your new points added.
Have a winter themed party.
Decide which area to stay in.
Sand wood and stain or paint as desired.
Be prepared to enjoy your weekend, whatever happens.
Hang your stockings from the mantel and enjoy.
Stock up.
Use paper that matches the book’s theme to reveal what it’s about.
Make some solstice-themed traditional crafts, such as a Yule log.
Remove any garland or any obstacle that may interfere with the removal of the lights themselves from the tree.
Work with others to do a skeleton parade on a piece of long paper.
Make calabaza en tacha.
Take direction from your photographer.
Choose a theme for presents e.g.
After you have sewed the two stocking halves together, make sure there aren't any big open holes.
Lay icicles around the edge of the hula hoop.
Sketch the floppy bunny ears!.
Get together with your family for a meal and a casual celebration.
Set the mood for the party with a Christmas mix.
Watch people!.
Have a sleepover.
Consider its end life.
Be open and honest with your family and friends about your sobriety.
Use Easter eggs to decorate the inside of your home.
Many other fruits or flowers and lighted candles should be spread across the table.
Replace the bulb and test the light string again.
Don’t post an offer for anything that’s illegal.
Make the letter look old.
Make sure the person is listening.
Place the gift inside the gift box.
Make breakfast in bed for your parents.
Last but not least, find suitable stocking fillers.
Look into finding help for the parents in the form of a babysitter who can be paid by you.
Tuck the remaining triangles.
Line the drawing with black ink.
Pop these into the freezer for no more than 30 to 40 seconds.
Get a fresh piece of paper and a pencil or pen and start jotting down what friends and family members would like for Christmas or what you are planning to get them.
Prepare your dye bath using water, food coloring, and vinegar.
Hunt down various objects that can be glued on for the eyes, nose and mouth.
Make sure the tissue paper covers the gift.
Emphasize all the things your family has to be grateful for.
Add a piece of tissue or rice paper over the top of the compartments if giving a gift box.
Put the cocoa, marshmallows, and spoon in the mug.
Talk to your children about The Four Sons.
Go to a patriotic music performance.
Make the Jack O' Lantern's face.
Cut festive shapes out of the cards, then use them as ornaments.
Decorate the body area of the snowman.
Make sure your rewards card is right for you.
Sign up for some summer camps.
Read the brochures and guide books and try to get some ideas of what you might want to purchase.
Put this strip of tape near the top-back of the card.
When the paint is dry, attach the bunny ears to the inside of the top terracotta pot.
Throw a block party to enjoy the holiday with your neighbors.
Locate a well-known, well-established florist with a good reputation.
Volunteer your time at a non-profit organization.
Consider the age of the person that the gift is for.
Look for a shooting star.
Keep dates simple.
Go to the next side of the mound (right or left, it does not mater) and continue the method the same.
Fold the strip in half, then sew it with a ⁄2 in (1.3 cm) seam allowance.
Throw a sleepover with a few close friends.
Buy small games, kits or novelty items.
Organize a snowball fight.
Know that when Rosh Hashanah falls on Shabbat, the Shofar will not be blown.
Explain the big difference—the real difference.
Now comes the clever part, in the new file Select All (Control+A) and we are simply going to fill the entire sheet with a repeating pattern of the image copied above.
Reserve a room at a restaurant, inn, or any other place where you would like to hold the event.
Have some games in a nearby area.
Create a recycling point in your house for collecting bottles, cans, paper, packaging and cards.
Keep a positive attitude.
Make sure your tree is fire retardant.
Put a stamp on the upper right corner of the envelope.
Ask guests to come dressed in costume.
Look at how many gifts Santa has delivered in the bottom-left corner.
Throw out the boxes and use an organizer for your Christmas items.
Look for a bright star if you can’t find a shooting star.
Make cards using toy zoo animals.
Tell someone "Que vous puissiez être heureux (or heureuse, if your interlocutor is female) encore de nombreuses années!".
Get travelers checks.
Thicken the stalk.
Share your registry information on your wedding website.
Schedule a short event at a time when the guest of honor is at his or her best.
Continue in the same manner to create the new row.
Trace around the edge of a large, round object, such as a CD or the edge of a bowl or pot lid.
Establish your budget.
Start a project.
Add a Crease color.
Seek to improve your health.
Understand the history.
Find the perfect outfit for you.
Consider her personality and tastes.
Try a musical Christmas film.
Make overnight sticky buns for a sweet and crunchy treat.
Skip the scare tactics.
Create a plan for the year ahead.
Choose a suitable spot for viewing the sunrise.
Spread the mixture in a lined pie plate and chill it.
Fold one in half cross-wise two or three times to make a “tree trunk.”.
Find an old unused blank book.
Top off each cup with a small layer of cookie crumbs.
Take the photo that you would like to make into a puzzle and blow it up to the size you want to make.
Dresses.
Visit a fairground, showground, theme, or amusement park and head straight for the Ferris wheel.
If your friends ask if you like it, and when you are going to wear it/use it, tell them it was special so you have put it away for safety.
Measure and cut your cardboard tube.
Lift the cloth covering daily and thoroughly water the soil with a squirt bottle.
Get a square piece of paper that is red on one side and white on the other.
Layer 2 centimeters (0.8 in) of cookie crumbs on the pudding.
Visit a local Chinatown.
Tie a ribbon to the top of the wreath to make a hanger.
Arrange lights in strips along the side of your driveway and walkways.
Buy some spray paint according to your color scheme.
Mist diluted bleach onto the entirety of the pumpkin.
Insert vampire teeth into your pumpkin.
Invite her to dinner.
Pinch each corner or push in the edges to puff the star up.
Decorate.
Send an eCard if the recipient lives overseas.
Prepare.
Make a scrapbook or digital photo album for your friends and family.
Fold one of the long edges over a skewer.
Enroll in a summer camp or program to explore an interesting topic.
Gather your supplies.
Place the Shrinky Dink on a counter and press it with paper as it cools.
Position the projector on the plywood and fasten it down by running plastic plumbers strap over the top and screwing it to the plywood.
Be there for someone else emotionally.
Buy music-themed gifts if he's an audiophile.
Fast.
Glue a triangle with your three popsicle sticks.
Find out what she wants, but subtly.
Use a small pot to trace a circle on top of the pumpkin.
Seek out deals on decorations before Christmas.
Click the “my deals” link the upper right corner of the page.
Make the invitation paper look old.
Determine how you want to sell you trees.
Wait until the base coat is completely dry before you start with your nail polish.
Create an adult-themed tradition.
Get a small Christmas tree and put ornaments on it (Just like a regular Christmas tree).
Practice playing a sport that you’ve never tried before.
Prepare the base for the Christmas tree.
Sign up for a new rewards card a few months before the holidays.
Look at the bottom of the receipt after you use the gift card.
Smile at others, you will find this to be contagious..
Look carefully at the pre-purchase disclosures of terms and conditions on the web site and the packaging in the store offering gift cards.
Remove the top from the capsule and carefully pour the fake blood mixture into it until it is full or half full.
Throw a punctuation party.
Hang a happy birthday banner from the trees.
Buy seating.
Make a special lunch for your partner.
Gently tear or snap off a palm blade off the palm stalk.
Teach yourself a new language.
Remove the dyed egg and dry with a tissue.
Fold the bottom part.
Announce your plan to avoid driving before the night begins.
Dye the egg the desired color or colors.
Leave the eggs in the fridge for at least 30 minutes.
Don't just register to register.
Test your courage with a trip to a haunted house.
Shape the dough.
Revise!.
Decorate your pet to make them appear more festive.
Dab the coated eraser onto the clay, working on the outside of the traced area.
Release the reins, release the tension.
Don't buy a gift card if terms are not given or appear too cryptic to be complete.
Be thankful for what you have.
Plan a girl's night.
Get into your garden.
Form the holes for the candles.
Involve children in the celebrations:.
Take part in a support group.
Cut your white cardstock.
Give your sister a gift.
Spend the holiday with your beloved.
When it turns the right colour, you should see the sticker has tightened.
Savor those sweet and sour hard candies.
Wait until the nail polish is completely dry.
Take your needle and thread.
Obtain cheesecloth.
Spend the day with her, if you can.
Boil the eggs for 7 minutes.
Consider the time of year.
Compose your card.
Fold the short end over, following the edges of the pentagon, so that it does not stick out.
Sketch two overlapping ovals for the arm.
Look through catalogs from within the last year.
Find a calm spot to wade.
Carve pumpkin faces on the peaches full-side.
As above, pop the scanner and battery into a plastic bag that seals.
Surprise them with jewelry.
To the right of the water glass, place the wine glasses.
Make a story.
Take classes in Siberian Husky sled-dog sledding.
Add additional decorations to the window, if you’d like.
Think pampering services.
Place the ham into the oven to bake once the oven is ready.
Pour the batter into the pans.
Prepare a special dinner.
Glue in the pictures you'd like to use.
Try to look for your presents secretly.
Check the Holidays on the Net website.
Consider freshening the interior.
Start sketching the sky.
Check the wattage of the bulbs.
Prepare the equipment.
Give your pet a gift.
Create a special Christmas card or video.
Cut a 4½-inch (11.43-centimeter) square from each corner.
Fix a date.
Celebrate with local warm weather traditions if you're traveling.
Sketch the front paws.
Remember the significance of certain things, such as fire and flowers.
Scatter your favorite holiday figurines throughout the room.
Set up booths for playing games.
Tip the mixture into the bottom of a 20cm (7.8") flan dish and press it down with the back of a spoon to make a flat base.
Apply your make-up if you are wearing some for the party.
Now your eggs are ready for Easter!.
Prepare the sauce.
Fold along the score lines, as shown.
Toast with sparkling grape juice.
Load the transfer paper into your printer.
Fill each egg with glitter or confetti.
Fold into right angles.
Get creative.
When you give her your gift, try to slide in a quick hug.
Pour about a 3” layer of sand into the bottom of the pumpkin.
Give yourself ample hours of additional wait-time before the parade, to ensure you are in the proper viewing spot with a great viewing angle.
Sprinkle an even, uniform layer of grass seed over the top of the soil.
Ask the geek's mom what’s on his or her Christmas list.
Pour the cookie pudding mixture into the baking pan and spread it out evenly.
Highlight color.
Prepare the Seder Plate.
Create a photobook of memories to remind her of her awesome life.
Rinse them in tap water.
Mix in the cookies, rum, and salt.
Tape up your letter-mail slot inside and outside on your door or in your wall, as the only public opening to your house.
Create the lady's skirt.
Curl the fringe with a fingernail.
Make sand bottles.
Plan your trip well in advance to avoid last minute problems.
Don't fall back on clichés.
Provide a set of knives to someone who back stabbed you.
Stuff his body to the desired girth you'd like him to have.
Take a nap.
Look for eco-friendly elements when purchasing your gifts.
Talk about the food.
Cut the conduit in half so you have 6–5 feet (1.8–1.5 m) tubes.
Set up the "walls" of the house.
Dust the dried latex with cosmetic powder before pulling it off the clay.
Melt butter.
Give early.
Take her on an outing.
Take a walking tour.
Get the right marketing strategy.
Learning can be fun, especially if it is something creative like learning to play the guitar, do origami, or anything like that.
Cut out your wallpaper.
Put together your list.
Think of healthy, but filling food for your beach trip.
Collect all of your club cards.
Add red food coloring or orange and pink.
Melt the butter in a saucepan and stir in the biscuit crumbs you have created.
Attach the smaller sphere to the larger sphere of cups.
Draw, paint or photograph spring scenery.
Purchase a Visa gift card from an online source.
Tattoos-  Use temporary tattoos on the kids.
Start up a scrapbook for your art.
Photograph the pumpkin promptly after you have carved it.
Spray paint the branches.
Plot activities you’d like to accomplish while on vacation.
Cut along the lines carefully and remove the duct tape.
Draw designs with puff paint if you want eggs with texture.
Wrap their gifts in crinkly wrapping paper.
Do at least one random act of kindness for someone else every day.
Type the 16-digit redemption code into the "Code" box.
Play the part.
Buy yourself a breakup gift.
Arrange the Christmas scene.
Have a big dog tied up in front of your house on Halloween night, only.
Make a bird's nest front door decoration.
Set up tables and decorations.
Since the top and bottom need to be identical, attach the boards together before cutting.
Fill the empty space!.
Secure the next set of ribbons right above the first set.
Gather your toiletries next.
Go on a holiday.
Use handmade paper.
Put the rings in open heart-shaped boxes for a love theme.
Read campfire ghost and horror stories.
Don't forget those who aren't home for Christmas.
Glue the fabric to both sides of the heart covering it.
Choose when you want money to be auto-loaded onto your gift card.
Give dad some clothing that professes his techie fandom or geekiness.
Wrap the hot dogs with crescent dough.
These can be exchanged at preset amounts for gift cards that are good at various retailers such as Amazon, Best Buy, GAP, Red Lobster, Olive Garden, and so on.
Arrange the wreath display items.
Use the blessed wine to extinguish the blessed candle.
Start a new hobby.
Make it your goal to drift off to sleep, once you're finally settled in bed.
Plan a white elephant gift exchange.
Invite your guests at least a month in advance.
Strive to improve your sleep habits.
Cut a shape out of the cardstock.
Make about six to ten candy canes.
Make a Halloween wreath.
Assemble a winter warm-up basket.
Have everyone tell stories.
Think music.
Meditate for 5-20 minutes to set aside some self-care.
Give her a break from her daily routine.
Give back in some way together.
Book a place in the more popular tents to ensure a spot.
Leave the ornamental pumpkins and scarecrows out for Thanksgiving.
Wrap tulle around the pink pumpkin for a misty effect.
Play holiday music.
Use the best music.
Get the community closer together with a natural block party.
Fly the flag on Armed Forces Day.
Do not use acrylic spray to preserve a pumpkin.
Do Something Creative: Paint, draw, write a novel, design your own clothes, start a diary.
Choose a time.
Hang the wreath up when you are done.
Share recipes for traditional African food that is served during a Kwanzaa feast.
Pick the image you want (ideally themed to match the gift or card).
Do some feng shui.
Choose a second color.
Compile a list.
Dry slices of apple and oranges in the oven.
Thank your hosts for inviting you.
Get advice.
Drape the organza.
Unfold your paper and form it into a cylinder as well.
Create a smaller ring of cups.
Check your balance.
Work on doing something together at least once every day during vacation.
Avoid doing "me" things.
Apply gold leaf to your eggs if you want to add some sparkle.
Flip over the box.
Overlap the short ends to form a cylinder, then glue or staple them.
Attach ribbons to the top of small cards to use them as ornaments.
Don't eat absent-mindedly.
Purchase or make sachets.
Melt the butter or fat.
Create a gardening basket.
Write him a letter of thanks and appreciation.
Wrap lengthwise - Bring the paper so that it wraps around the box lengthwise, leaving an equal amount of paper at each end.
Be considerate of paper.
Wear a poppy in your button hole if your jacket, blazer or similar garment has a button hole.
Create a rustic seasonal ornament.
Use a different name to avoid the word “Gotcha.” Many adoptive parents and their adopted children feel that the word “gotcha” is problematic and inappropriately casual.
Use stickers before dyeing.
If you can't afford an expensive vacation, it doesn't matter.
Make sure all your lights are compatible.
Take time to explain how to use the toy or gift to a child or to anyone who needs instruction.
Power up little flashlights for extra drama.
Hang the ornament on your tree and enjoy your creation for years to come!.
Be patient.
Be wary of clothing and jewelry.
Outline your drawing with permanent media (like ink,marker,sketch pen,etc.
Have a costume contest.
Respond to the argument about "time off.".
Wrap presents as you buy them.
There are also some great and fun things you can get to transform the everyday objects in your house into interesting Halloween pieces!.
Allow the bunny to set.
Select fruit.
Place the protective sheet back over the top of the arranged money.
Take a yoga class to rid yourself of stress and worries.
Assemble the supplies needed.
Separate the wires at intervals.
Take up a new creative pursuit.
Let the egg dry.
Hold a garage sale.
Add a balloon and flowers.
Mark the day.
Write a story.
Do this after Christmas.
Decorate the table with seasonal plants and flowers.
Go ghost hunting.
Add the orange peel, juice and brandy to the mixture.
Do a skeletal Jack o' Lantern.
Set up an outdoor game area.
Go to the store and purchase chocolate.
Arrange for a friend to call you at a set time.
Use a rolling pin or food processor to crush the cookies into fine grains or simple crumbs in a plastic bag.
Discuss the plan with some other friends.
Make sure you've got the right locker number and the right day.
Carve.
Display the egg.
Shop for deals.
Notice that you have 5 points inside the star where the conduit crosses.
Go beyond what dad normally has.
Connect the base to the top.
Hang banners to decorate a church for Christmas.
Dress up like a character.
Use warm lighting.
Add a gift tag if wished.
Wash the tree.
Let your dog sniff the new area.
Decide if your apartment has room for a Christmas tree.
Decorate plain ornaments with glitter and glue.
Prepare the morning snacks in advance.
Let it be a surprise.
Topstitch along top edge using a ⅛-inch (0.32-centimeter) seam allowance.
Make vegan eggnog from coconut milk, coconut cream, and cashews.
The day after Thanksgiving (otherwise known as Black Friday) send out invitations.
Hang paper snowflakes from your ceiling and you can also pin them up on the walls.
Wake up.
Make a pledge to yourself to make mental health a priority every day.
Tie a note to the handle of the mug; for example, "Happy Holidays!".
Opt to only give gifts to those who say “thank you.” If you are bothered about not receiving thanks for the gift, you may adjust your gift giving practices in the future to only include more appreciative people in your life.
Make a special dessert with ingredients you already have.
Find ribbon and a stick and a bow.
Make goals that you want to achieve in the next year.
Wear your own costume to get into the spirit.
Add a straw and a sparkler (optional).
Edit the manga to make it ready for your final draft.
Plan a trip to some of the most well known Ferris wheels in the world.
Understand the religious, magical and natural significance of winter solstice.
Boil the egg.
Ante up.
Ship the flowers through expedited shipping.
When it is time (the entire Boli has been eaten with the exception of the money pieces), toast each other on a fantastic "Boli" experience and then eat your money pieces!.
Walk, don’t run.
Follow up with people you meet.
Usually, the kosher dietary laws are observed - NO mixing meat with dairy, NO shellfish, and NO pork.
Hang the apples.
Talk to other married or engaged friends.
Consider music.
Check the rings your mother already owns.
Earn some money.
Fold the remaining flaps over the creases you just made.
Use a foam brush to apply a thin layer of Mod Podge to a small patch on the box.
Think of small Christmas stocking ideas.
Add the potatoes or eggs.
Put it together to make it in a shape of a spider.
Consider little, useful, things.
Check out newspapers for an up-to-date, trustworthy guide.
Make a popcorn chain.
Open your favorite web browser.
Have some fun Halloween songs that people can dance to, like "Theme from Ghostbusters", "Thriller", "Calling all the monsters.
Take the junk out of your car.
Clear or (hollow out) a spot on the inside (neck area) of the shirt (down to the chest area) for the "Jibber Jabber" doll to go, and add the doll in.
Check out the light displays.
Learn new words, and learn about the meaning of the words you already know.
Set manageable expectations for what you can accomplish this year.
Consider the following list if you're stuck for ideas:.
Paint the tree green with acrylic paints.
Think about their personality.
Decorate your stocking.
Welcome your family into your house at Christmas with a snowman wearing a warm scarf and orange carrot in your garden.
Have a merry Christmas!.
Of course, take numerous photos (and possibly video) of the gift giving process.
Stay up until sunrise.
Take a class.
Recycle your old wrapping paper.
Paint your eggs.
Decide where to hold the party.
View with eye safety precautions in place.
Mail out the invitations or give them to people discretely.
Dress your baby in a flotation device.
Get two different-sized Styrofoam foam balls and flatten them slightly.
Finish up the spa night with a 15 minute (or so) massage using oils of your choice.
Visit Sinterklaas.
Leave behind some evidence.
Substitute the ingredients in your favorite holiday meals with healthier alternatives.
Choose and plan a color scheme.
Go to Mass.
Using black felt/velvet, cut a rectangle double the size of your pillow.
Research the hotels and motels along most of the parade route.
Ask what they like!.
Place and pay for your order online or over the phone.
Organize a pot-luck.
Tie a knot in one end of the string or ribbon.
Use paper mache to cover both the front and the back of the book.
Place the main fabric box inside the lining box.
Skype or call in if your family is away.
Avoid beating yourself up.
Hang and secure the lights to the hooks.
Plan.
Freak the pranksters out!.
Make Christmas decorations!.
Draw a circle with guidelines for the head.
Put the books inside the basket, the way you would put them in shelves.
Welcome in the New Year.
Get some stickers.
Ensure your home is safe at Christmas to survive over the festive period.
Remember the time frame.
Create pav bhaji with a mixture of puffy bread and cooked vegetables.
Keep it quiet, and don't tell anyone about your findings.
Give them Passover grape juice.
Have fun.
Remove and tap out of the mold.
Have themed food according to the weather at Christmas dinner.
Don’t be surprised by the holiday blues.
Grow some real Easter grass.
Divide the dough by taking off 1/3 of it.
Get a job.
Try to make your house look old and torn.
Give a gift of action!.
Buy the materials you need online or at an arts and crafts store.
Make invitations.
Finish projects that you haven't completed.
Stir in the flour mixture and eggnog.
Mail the receipt of purchase to the recipient along with the card.
Heat the brown sugar, honey, marmalade, and mustards until the sugar dissolves.
Have the head of the "Jibber Jabber" doll facing in the direction that the children will be approaching the porch.
Choose a theme.
Take a gummy worm and cut it into fourths.
Buy the traditional dress or robe.
Place the creatively folded notes into their various spots in the chocolate box after folding.
On the day you are to head for the beach, store everything safely into the car and start driving.
Eat at 1 of the numerous restaurants while on your South Lake Tahoe vacation.
Learn more about "Beltane" as a holiday.
Put the ribbons around the tree.
Compost the jack-o'-lantern.
Get a photo a section of which can be cut out to be seen through the pebble.
Sign the back of your card to prevent identity theft.
Personalize the gift wrapping.
Fold the bottom corners up into the center of the tree to create a straight edge.
Trace the teeth on the outside of the pumpkin with your pencil.
Make pumpkin “cupcakes” for something totally different.
Drive.
Get some mistletoe.
Ask your kids or a kid what makes them most Happy, write down the answers and share it with someone.
Explain that different families have different Santas.
Make small wiggly lines in the bottom of the pumpkin.
Check quickly everyone who walks past.
Tell your non-Jewish friends that Passover is the holiday that celebrates the Jews being freed from slavery in the land of Egypt, and having to survive in the desert for forty years to arrive in Israel, The Promised Land.
Bring 2 opposite corners into the center, collapsing the paper into a square.
Continue until the entire oasis ring is covered.
Decide what kind of manga you're going to do.
Crumple some aluminum foil and mold it into a crescent shape along the toe area.
In a bowl, mix Rock or Kosher salt with the glitter.
While the paint is drying, start to cut out the body parts for the bunny.
Draw designs (stripes, stars, etc.).
Make homemade gifts if your budget is constricted.
Set the time and send out invitations.
Exchange the "Konbu.".
Use lettuce.
Assemble the items needed.
Assemble the items needed for this project.
Place the hat on the top of this piped cream.
Add a trim to the cuff area of the sock.
Encourage those around you to learn and use te reo Māori.
Apply food coloring directly onto your eggs for a tie-dye effect.
Freshen up your skills on a subject you struggled with in school.
After you fixed all the broken ornaments, put them on the tree and organise them properly (spread them out evenly).
Wrap the ends of the flowers with a plastic bag.
Get some edible spray paint.
Celebrate Kwanzaa in a variety of different ways.
Look at the page.
Melt the dark chocolate candy coating in a double boiler or a microwave.
Arrange the paper.
Determine the parade route.
Slide the message through the larger hole on top of the egg.
Have it delivered.
Use it as a mini-campfire.
Volunteer at the zoo or at a nature center.
Revive the "coldness".
Use an appropriate knife.
Make spiders!.
Help the tradition continue.
Use a simple backdrop and an embroidery hoop to create a unique wreath.
Get crafty!.
Enjoy your lighted pumpkin display.
Make a basket decoration.
Send out the invitations.
Sew a door hanging.
Mull some wine.
Sing Hebrew songs at all the meals since Shabbat is a day of joy.
Repeat this folding for another strip of tape to be used on the bottom-back of the card.
Play pranks on one another on Dia de Los Santos Inocentes.
Take a sheet of the dark brown construction paper and place it on one side of the shoe box.
Prepare for the fourth day of Christmas.
Present it to your mother.
Take out all your supplies.
Sing Passover songs.
Trust your instincts.
Use your card before it expires.
Combine the dry ingredients together into a microwave-safe mug.
Eat songpyeon or "송편".
Create experiences instead of buying expensive presents.
Make travel plans early.
Hangout with your friends.
Get her a gift card.
Ask your friends and family to help out.
Know beforehand which parks have which Halloween-based attractions.
Tell people about it(National Pie Day is on January 23rd).
Hang lots of fake cobwebs and spiders to creep people out.
Get the neighborhood kids together for a huge party.
Let the glue dry.
Keep quiet about the gift you're getting for yourself.
If you're planning to stay overnight, book a room at a hotel or motel ahead of time.
Inflate your tires for better fuel efficiency.
Avoid hanging out with old drinking buddies.
Create pumpkin spiders to scare your friends.
Loop the plain tape around the socks until they are completely covered.
Have a customized portrait made.
Choose which decorations you want to form a part of the wreath.
Place your tree in a position at least 3 feet (0.91 m) (90cm) away from heat sources.
Switch to the right white balance.
Use scissors to cut the 30cm /12" lengths of cinnamon sticks into three 10cm / 4" pieces.
A good idea for your dummies is to have them dressed in Halloween costumes.
Acknowledge and thank anyone who helped you along the way.
Decorate your crackers with an edible marker (you can find these at craft stores).
Attach ribbon, string or other trim to the top of the ball so that it can hang from a tree or other display area.
Clean up your yard.
Learn about the engineering feat that is the Ferris wheel.
Double back in a new costume.
Go to the countryside.
Draw the helmet design.
Sew the edges of the triangle together to make a cone.
Don’t get personal.
Drape a blanket or tablecloth over the item.
Add Santa.
Be confident.
Make ribbon bookmarks.
Draw a Christmas tree.
Skate in the Red Square.
Repeat for the remaining 3 corners, making crisp creases.
Decorate the edges of the table with holly, paper icicles and glitter.
Bring your Valentine's pet a new toy or treat.
Add a terrifying center piece to your cobwebs with a  man-eating spider victim.
Cut two 1 in (2.5 cm) strips from the long edge of 1 sheet.
Decorate further if desired.
Use a manual camera so you can adjust your settings.
Make 4 careful cuts along the crease line, from the edges, up to the next crease mark.
Separate the dog from other pets at first.
Limit travel, if you can.
Place your card inside the envelope.
Staple another layer of cups on top of your ring.
Use a setting and/or film for low light, if you have the choice.
Strap the floral foam brick to the saucer using the floral foam tape, which sticks when wet.
Donate to your favorite charity.
Assemble a whole family of these jack-o-lanterns to line up across your mantle.
Suggest fun activities you and your target guy can do together.
Attend lectures on Black culture if you can.
Shop in thrift stores for more affordable prices.
Decorate with the circle chain.
Spend some time with toddlers and little children.
Attend a military air show.
A messy house always contributes to stress.
Listen to Christmas songs and carols!.
Check for a lost or stolen policy.
Start Havdalah after sunset on Saturday.
Get your digital camera out.
Bring speakers to play music that goes along with your theme.
Cut a piece of fabric twice the height you want your bag to be.
Apply 1-2 coats of white nail polish to your nails, or until the color is opaque.
Get a handful of clay, roll into a ball the desired size.
Drill holes into the spots you marked on the wall.
Serve breakfast in bed.
Try to link up with family back home.
Roll out your dough to about a quarter inch thick.
Be open about it being a self gift.
Use the gift card.
Cut a heart shape out of felt.
Let loose during the three-day "Eid" celebrations after Ramadan.
Think about the stuff she likes.
Unplug the lights when installing them.
Make a funny playlist of Halloween songs.
Cut open a squash.
Use cashback credit cards or points to shop.
Gather your family members together for religious holidays.
Don't tell others.
Cut eye and mouth slits into your hard-boiled eggs with a sharp paring knife.
Remind each other why you're getting married.
Repeat the addition of the rows in the same way for the base of the bauble, beneath the trim line.
Moving on to your brows fill them in lightly and set them with your brow gel/wax.
At the end of the party, you can give each guest a goody-bag.
Think about the personality of the recipient.
Donate to charity on your own behalf, not as a gift.
Consider arranging your design on the table in front of you before you glue it down onto the box.
Blow up the balloon.
Grab some food in Chinatown to partake in a classic New York tradition.
Lay out all of your make-up that you will use that night, if applicable.
Sew a garland.
Use a spoon to clean out the inside of the pumpkin.
Avoid "good news" pranks.
Create a route to follow.
As before, make a new knot about 2 inches (5cm) from the next cookie cutter.
Hang gold or white-colored lights from top to bottom to designate Tinker Bell's dust being spread throughout the tree.
Plan a potluck picnic with your husband’s friends.
Place "stocking stuffer bags" in the back of your closet.
Simply pour the chocolate into the mold until the chocolate sits level with the top of the mold.
Place other items on platter.
Use moderation.
Turn the fabric inside out through the gap.
While the balls are in the freezer, mix your red* food coloring in with the cream or white chocolate.
Tie a simple knot (of the same kind that you would use to tie your shoes) at one end.
Cut it to fit the size of the gift.
Decide on the candy possibilities.
Let the snowflake sit for ten to twenty minutes so it will be cooled.
Consider the dietary restrictions of your guests and centenarian.
If you plan on getting jelly beans, put a large plastic egg in your basket.
On your baby's first Christmas, take them to get a picture taken with Santa.
Try making some ornaments to save money if you cannot find them anywhere.
Check out cities all over France for unique celebrations.
Roll bakers twine around the eggs.
Heat up your iron.
Set up the Christmas tree stand.
Create the face.
Figure out if linens are included.
Attend a Dawn Service.
Stargaze.
Wash the rocks and dry them thoroughly.
Do NOT eat your money piece until the end - this is a special piece and should ALWAYS be saved for the end!.
Start out by carefully stringing some multi-colored lights a little below the top of the fence and facing the outer side.
Know the effects of alcohol when pregnant.
Stuff lightly.
Add a loop so that you can hang the elf.
Push each stick into a Styrofoam block or a cake pop stand to set.
Measure your scallops.
Fold the note in half.
Help others who clean up beaches by making donations.
Use the cut sections of pipe cleaner/chenille stems to fasten your lights, garlands and ornaments to your star frame.
Order their favorite takeout just the way they like it.
Make a double loop with the ribbon, bunching the bottom together between thumb and forefinger.
Pick a card that reminds you of the recipient.
If you will be gone someplace, ask someone who is not doing anything to do the above step for you.
Take the first card from the pile.
Place cookies in a cellophane bag.
Fill the glass halfway with white wine.
If it's early in the winter, plan for whatever winter holiday you celebrate.
Locate a reputable online rewards site such as Bucks4Me, Cool Savings, eBates, MyPoints, etc.
Add a scent.
Search for birthday cards or something similar.
Look for women’s history events in your area.
Pack plenty of cool, summery clothes, but a few jackets in case the weather turns.
Explain to children in your life why you celebrate Labor Day.
On May 25, carry a bath towel conspicuously with you for the day.
Bring a flashlight or wear a glow necklace to light your way.
Keep decorative wrappings inside the box.
Get on the train.
Eat your mooncake as a dessert.
Put the pebble on a surface it won't stick to so that it can dry.
Make the pudding by mixing the cold milk with the pudding powders.
Visit legendary Chicago music venues.
Fill a bucket with water.
Scoop and serve.
Start a new tradition by sending a care package to overseas military personnel.
Mark your strips at intervals of your length measurement minus .25 in (0.64 cm).
Now create a new blank file of the the required size and resolution, e.g.
Decorate paper with stickers for a quick design.
Cook it at 300ºF (148ºC) for 5 minutes (optional, you can leave out the clay to harden for one day).
Decide who is invited to your party.
Give your card as a gift.
Register for summer camp if you want a fun way to spend your time.
Turn a normal basket into a festive Easter basket.
Glue together carefully.
Repeat the previous step with the other large flower piece, this one on the bottom half of the card.
Put the pattern onto the pumpkin.
Convince your loved ones to seek advice if they're suffering from a drinking problem, such as addiction to alcohol or rage brought on by drinking.
Tell other people that it's National Chocolate Day.
Use ice filled trash cans to chill your beer.
Use the stars for display.
Choose between closed and open loop cards.
Buy some flowers, and arrange with the dark colors on the rim of the squash, the medium a little closer to the middle, and the lightest colors in the middle.
Make your favorite punch recipe and chill it until you're ready to serve it.
Make up a plan.
Place your pattern piece on a section.
Set higher goals with lucky charms.
Gather everything in a plastic tub or hard plastic box.
Moving on to the lips.
Choose a date and time.
Make wearable punctuation.
Take your time when you hear a pitch for cash gifting.
Once your images are compiled, begin to assemble the slideshow using a simple software package (such as iMovie on the Mac, or PowerPoint on a PC).
Pour the vanilla powder into one bowl and the chocolate powder into the other bowl.
Purchase a large wooden spoon for the trouble-maker in your family or workplace.
Bid farewell to the old year.
Make a homemade tin can flower vase.
Make  paper bats.
Visit a corn maze.
Wrap water resistant tape around a straw.
Spray paint the hula hoop and allow for ample dry time.
Remember you are only on holiday for six - eight weeks, or even only twelve weeks.
Gift the Amish couple with cookware such as pots and pans to prepare the meals in their homes.
Find out what essentials the property includes.
Dispense with the superstitious nonsense and take responsibility for the things that happen to you.
Decorate the tag and let it dry completely before continuing.
If you have a choice of parking your vehicles behind your house or next to the street, put them behind your house.
Put the original box away.
Watch scary movies.
Get her something that reflects a common interest.
Give your time to charity and neighbors to spread Christmas cheer.
Decorate a church with candles and lights.
Spread electric decorations across multiple circuits.
Write on the egg with a glitter.
Get caught up on your favorite shows.
Leave the chocolate cornflake nests to set.
Try minimalist to keep it really simple.
Serve your gammon.
Once the chocolate has melted, pour it into a mixing bowl.
Play teddy bear games and hold bear competitions.
Give the kid cash.
Erase any lines outside of the heart shapes.
Host a block party to get your neighbors involved.
Carry a special snack.
Clean out your bedroom: this one sounds boring but you can find heaps of awesome stuff under your bed, in your closet etc.
Make a bleach painted t-shirt.
Check out the materials involved.
Create the lady's body.
Avoid making homemade goodies.
Fold the leaf when finished.
Pipe the the filling into the egg whites.
The computer is your friend.
Research and post about the history of Christmas and what it means to you and your family.
Draw the second heart shaped leaf under the first leaf.
Decorate your house in a forest theme.
Try to make some money out of your hobby.
Once you have everything cut out, decide where the eyeballs are going to be placed.
Accessorize with a headband.
Sliding cabinet organizers are such a great addition to any kitchen, that we feel compelled to mention them as a holiday gift idea.
Realize that it’s okay if you don’t have a big celebration for your birthday.
Get a tattoo.
Apply for a summer job to expand your resume.
Eat smaller amounts of sugary foods and junk food.
Tape candy to their locker (or leave it on the floor next to their locker).
Drop at least 2 or 3 candy corn pieces around the Cool Whip ghost.
Consider a beach tent or umbrella.
Prepare ahead of time.
Stick the embossing pattern with scotch tape along the guiding lines.
Complete the finishing touches.
Perform a random act of kindness to a stranger.
Test your luck.
Cook public domain Christmas or holiday recipes.
Know that you can simply display them along with your Christmas decorations.
Utilize daily affirmations.
Set out craft supplies.
Carve pumpkins.
Mix together the following ingredients: 10 milliliters (0.34  fl oz) of golden syrup (any kind that is not dark syrup),  5ml or teaspoon of water, 2 drops of red food colouring, 2 drops of blue food colouring and 1 drop of yellow food colouring.
Consider costume type jewelry.
Avoid giving "useful" items that the whole household needs and will make use of.
Make a home for an ant colony.
Hot glue the head to the top of the pinecone.
Watch out for houses which are rented to a second household  who may be distributing candy from a basement suite.
Draw a circle around the stem on the top where you want the lid to go.
Find another place to give away illicit items.
Wrap the eight lengths of straw around the pompom, as evenly as possible.
Return the boxes to their original location.
Cut the first strawberry.
Cover the decorations and music.
Add some tissue paper or cotton balls as padding for small gifts or jewelry.
Buy groceries with your gift card.
Make your own decorations.
Start decorating the bunny.
Indulge in hobbies and relax.
Buy scrapbooking themed gifts.
Decide how big you want your lights show.
Be as descriptive as you need to be to make the item leap into your mind when you read it.
Eat a traditional meal.
Erase the pencil from your drawing and start coloring.
Eat your mooncake with Chinese tea.
Make the hands and feet.
Research, both in books, articles, online, and watching television.
For a Base shadow, use a light golden shadow or pigment, sweep this over your lid.
Use a perforating tool to add strips to your coupons.
Make a blanket.
Play the CD while your guests arrive.
Draw a line on your paper plate where your black construction paper tube sits on your plate.
Think about the type of floral arrangement you wish to send.
Socialize with family, friends, and the synagogue community.
Get some perspective.
Once you're certain that the little house is dried and stable, stuff in some shoestring licorice or candy grass, or the little nest if you're using one instead.
Teach math with cooking.
Create a family outdoor movie night event.
Sew as above, but with right sides facing and the loop of the hanger to the inside of the ornament.
Stay in and relax.
Slide the lights into the clips.
Buy your boyfriend something he usually doesn't splurge on.
Wake up at the same time everyday.
Say the Rosh Hashanah blessings for the candles, wine, and challah (Hebrew: "bread").
Draw your templates on a sheet of cardstock or thin cardboard, then cut them out.
Stay in New York City without breaking your budget.
Use fake berries or herbs as embellishments.
Celebrate a cultural tradition.
Gather friends.
You now have one finished unit.
Outline the shape of the body and add more details.
Whisk the egg whites into a soft peak, adding the salt.
Choose a neck height that flatters your natural neckline.
Apply a clear base and let it dry.
Position your banana leaf.
Decorate your home with Christmas decorations.
Make time to make Christmas a family occasion.
Pack the carry-on.
Stand slice in pan about 15mins.
Monster Lollipops- Get large tootsie pops and put a tissue over the lollipop.
Print off your favorite "Christmas Song" memorize it and sing it in the shower each morning 'till Christmas.
Be sensible.
Provide a drink of milk.
Turn your home into a haven.
Honor ancestors by burning incense.
Explain the craft.
Buy a larger fabric and plastic poppy.
Stock up on baking supplies early in the season.
Gift an e-book.
Think about what you love to do, and what you want to try.
Stay occupied on Christmas Eve.
Use the brightest room in the house.
Using the salt dough "worms", shape a small, rounded nest.
Place the berried ivy in between the blue pine.
Dip the ends of the flowers in water.
Follow the relevant regulations and guidelines if traveling to a different country.
Consider the day after Valentine's Day.
Prepare the food.
If you have a large family rather than buying everyone a present try drawing names out of hat so each person gets one big present (set a price for each present) rather than lots of smaller ones.
Go to a nearby park that has pine trees and pick you up a bag or two of pine cones of all shapes and sizes.
Stay up all night on Christmas Eve.
Continue to staple and stack cups until you have half a sphere.
Visit any participating merchant that sells Visa gift cards.
Find a box which is big enough to package the item.
Look over your texts and emails.
Plan fun activities.
Put a different decorative item on each step.
Participate in special events aimed at cleaning up the coastline.
Scoop up some worms.
Write a letter to a soldier.
Find a small pinecone to use as the body of your elf.
Hang wreaths on doors.
Glue a toy race car to a card.
Lay the tree on its side.
Figure out what's newly legal in your area.
Host your friends outdoors if the weather is nice.
Watch Santa and his reindeer in 3D as they fly.
Tie the tag to your gift.
Be prepared to leave.
Provide related products to enhance the experience.
For the car trip, make sure you have enough petrol, and bring plenty of music and activities for kids.
Tie a knot into the end of a pipe cleaner.
Gather the parts.
Play with your animal around the holidays.
Think about what you know about your boss.
Carefully cut a circular opening in the top of the pumpkin large enough to allow a 6” plastic or terracotta flower pot to be inserted.
Add a bow and a hook.
Take the length between your thumb and fingers and curl down toward the pompom.
Go one better.
Put a sign that says something like this.
Think about the toys you'd like to receive for Christmas.
After your design is complete and you are satisfied with your work, let puffy paint dry for 4-10 hours, depending on how many layers of puffy paint you have on your paper.
Cover the seams with ribbons or trimmings.
Embellish the wreath with Christmas décor, if you desire.
Learn about different fonts to write in.
Add cinnamon (if desired).
Prepare the invitation papers to the size wanted for invitations.
Gather 5 carrots, 5 pieces of lettuce, and 5 tomatoes.
Create an account if you haven’t already.
Pick the food options.
Combine the melted chocolate and cream cheese.
Use them as mini planters.
Get a large bowl and electric mixer.
Visit your local beach to appreciate the wildlife.
Cleanse, tone and moisturize, as you hopefully have been for the last 43 years or so.
Open iTunes on your PC.
Refuse the offer of a dog.
Place the mat or fabric onto the ground.
Continue the “cut down, pull out” method multiple times all the way down the side of the mound.
Allow them to cool.
Throw a picnic in your backyard.
Cut a circle of black construction paper or black felt and place it on top of the stovepipe.
Know what vegetables are best for dogs.
Place the carved peaches into the shallow dish.
Put the gammon in a saucepan with cold water and add ingredients.
Go in with a group of other wedding guests to purchase the couple a large appliance.
Use a battery powered light.
Get to know the dog’s body language.
Rest up.
Trace shapes of birds and do their skeletons.
Throw on a goofy outfit.
Stay flexible about where you're going to go.
Provide the correct shipping address to receive your items without issue.
Cut the foil.
Finish setting it up, and check your water holder if the tree is real.
Show your appreciation!.
When done, place the cap back onto the peppers.
Accept that it is okay to give yourself a gift.
Target voids and worn-outs.
Customize the care package.
Exchange the "Yanagi-Daru.".
Where a beak would be, push in the sugar coated chocolate candy so that half of it sticks out, half is in the truffle beneath the eyes.
Microwave the mug cake for about 60-90 seconds.
Hold the straight edge tool horizontally and cut downward on one side of the mound to start the first stair riser.
Buy a tall and transparent jar or container, with a lid.
Get Pie Day merchandise.
Stay in bed once you are there.
Dress up as Santa and go on a pub crawl for SantaCon.
Go over your list one last time before presenting it.
Cut fringe in the other end.
Realize that your parents might not have bought it yet.
Consider that Beltane is often considered a time when "the veil" between the living and the spirit world is thinnest.
Hand out popular candy bars to bring trick or treaters back every year.
Fold the circle in half four times.
Have rules for candy.
Sleep in a different room .
Do some maypole dancing or other Wiccan dancing to get in to the spirit.
Throw Pixie Dust (glitter or dried rice) on the tree to designate Tinker Bell's path through the sky from above your Christmas tree's branches.
Fill the shaker with ice.
Download an invitation template.
Drape lights on the side of your bed to brighten your bed up.
Attach a large stocking to your sweater and fill it with candy.
Draw eyes on the ghost shaped piece that will fall out.
Make a list of everything that comes to mind, even if it seems silly.
Practice Tikkun Olam.
Bring a screen.
Create a cat using black paint and construction paper.
Make a card to go along with your gift.
When they're done with the project, bring them the treats.
Turn the Styrofoam triangle so that the widest part is at the top, the tip at the base.
Push the stub wire prongs right through the apple.
Craft an item with a group of coworkers.
Show kindness.
Have a Twilight trivia game!.
Next, measure and mark a horizontal line (2 ¾” from top) for the intersection point.
Write her a poem.
Celebrate Christmas Eve (December 24).
Say “Gut Yom Tov” for a traditional Ashkanazi greeting.
Stay in the shallow water.
Pour the fake blood into the capsules.
Add stick-on bows.
Slide gift into bag and turn bag upright.
Repeat steps 2 and 3 for all the other pages.
Once set, remove from the fridge.
Think about worldwide Christmas traditions and write about which you'd like to try or not try to elaborate on the ideas you find.
Prepare for the seventh day.
Focus on her.
Sell the item (or exchange if possible).
Consider the gem.
Know what dishes are popular and which are not.
Make clothes or accessories from scratch.
Recognize alternate forms of sending the card.
Make sure the products you use don't exploit marine life.
Cut your designs.
Move your cursor to a random spot again, but this time click repeatedly in that spot multiple times.
Think money.
Use a ruler as a guide to press the rounded end of a paper clip (or a ballpoint pen that has run out of ink) along the dotted line on the center of the card.
Sign in with your Apple ID.
Sign them up for classes.
Expect nothing in return.
Cut each large chicken breast in half, cover with cling film and beat out a little; cut into strips and put in a bowl.
Sprinkle and insert different candies and candy pumpkins to make other effects of your graveyard.
Attach your cards to a ribbon to hang them off your chairs.
Enjoy your tasty Peanut Butter Mouths!.
Design the blog for the blog's colors and background.
Begin by gathering photographs of soldiers that you knew and loved.
Give a gift card.
Think of the money you're saving.
Mix well.
Take on a project.
Find "love" jewelry.
Keep moving up to the top, lighting up and down and back and forth to illuminate the tree.
Use minimal decorations.
Scrunch these bulbs together until they all come to a center point.
Compare the candles.
Enjoy the works of Shakespeare.
Try out some of the activities on offer.
Answer the door after the first knock.
Glue a round peppermint to the center of the wreath.
Draw a long, curved triangle coming out of the center to make the stem.
Plan, but include surprises.
Use the open end of the electrical continuation area of another strand to strand up another line of Christmas lights.
Dress up in dirndls and lederhosen for a fun, traditional look.
Purchase a holiday light repair tool.
Dip cookie cutters into paint to create delicate outlines.
Gently pour an even amount of mousse into each of the chocolate eggs.
Blend espresso, eggnog, and nutmeg to make your own eggnog latte.
Spend time with her.
Think about gifting basic tools to the couple to use around their house or their farm.
Take an embossing needle (as you can see in the picture here) and start outlining the pattern on the front cover, much like moving a pen around on a stencil.
Put them together mold into a ball and wait about 15 seconds.
Glue the embellished ornaments to mirrored discs (available at crafts stores).
Visit a physical location to use the gift card.
Display a nativity scene in the church.
Slip stitch the opening closed.
Go soft and touchable with loose, brushed-out waves.
Go sentimental.
Attach a tree topper to the top of the tree.
Shop online.
Encourage vegetarians to enjoy this holiday by enjoying vegetarian bacon.
Use the buddy system at all times.
Display fresh greenery throughout the church.
Master a new craft or hobby.
Glue the open edge closed along the tab or use clear tape to close it.
Coat mason jars with glue and Epsom salts to make snow lanterns.
Discuss other return options with the retailer.
Sprinkle dry sand on it all around until hardened.
Do an online search for ideas.
Attach a loop for hanging.
Buy age appropriate toys.
Drop clues ahead of time.
Use a wooden or fiberglass ladder.
Use the yolks to prepare your desired filling.
Turn on the Triple J Hottest 100 Countdown.
Drink to bacon.
Watch some good films you always wanted to watch, but just couldn't make it, like Devil wears Prada, Breakfast at Tiffany's, Breakfast club etc.
Practice the three "R's": Reduce, Reuse, Recycle.
Impress others with “chag kasher v’sameach.” Pronounced “KHAHG kah-SHEHR vuh-sah-MEY-akh,” this is a fancier way of saying happy holidays.
Place the various candy canes together in a bunch.
Rub the surface of the hand with a microfiber cloth to remove any dust.
Decorate your tree.
Have a pirate-themed party.
Turn your bathroom into a spa.
Think beyond stuff.
Select your paper.
Add notes whenever it seems appropriate through the year.
Check the trunk to see if it is sticky.
Choose a cognitive training tool.
Click anywhere on the screen.
Read new books or magazines.
Volunteer at a charity near you to help and support others.
Sketch the head.
Never assume they like what you like or shop where you shop.
Create the video you want to use.
Throw a party.
If your bears are still asleep when you wake up (and it is not too early to wake up) go into your parents' room and show them what you got first.
Keep a Solstice fire vigil.
Take a sleigh ride in a reindeer-driven sleigh.
Find some lovely beach towels.
Draw a circle that’s divide into 3 equal sections.
Make food that represents nature.
Pick or buy some new season flowers.
Sew the hems as close to the raw edge as you can.
Very gently, pat down the cover layer of soil.
Talk to your teacher or professor about having an assignment based about handwriting.
Assess your time budget.
Choose a color theme.
Make flags.
Spread some parchment paper over your work surface.
Try to include at least one family film literally any age group will enjoy.
Lop off an ear.
Splash red food coloring where it seems appropriate on the body of the bunny.
Avoid triggers.
Remove the chocolate and cream mixture from the heat once melted.
Attend networking events in your area.
Enlist the help of your co-workers.
Make signs on your computer and print them out.
Take up a creative hobby.
Take some more cotton and paste on the edges of the velvet paper.
Plan some downtime with yourself.
Remove the loose pulp and seeds from the pumpkin and discard.
Caring involves caring for you.
Follow the on-screen instructions to confirm.
Think about how much food you have eaten in the past.
Express your fall awe.
Repeat the previous steps to make more icicles.
Place in the oven and bake as long as the recipe requires.
Don’t spend too much.
Think of Spring and Summer activities.
Register at the greenpoints website.
See the decorations.
Play around with patterns and colors to liven up your qipao.
Avoid purchasing large appliances.
Measure twice to make sure you only have to cut once.
Sprinkle some cinnamon on the area you are working on, so you don't have a stuck on mess to deal with later.
Tell them how much they mean to you.
Fold each of your fat quarters in half lengthwise and then in half again so you have a long rectangle.
Add the pompom.
Add a ribbon bow-tie to the bunny if wished.
Go to the Living Social login page and login using the email address and password associated with your account.
Stack and staple cups until you have another sphere.
A simple and effective party decorating ideas is to have groups of black bats flying across your walls and ceiling.
Fold the other 2 opposing corners so they meet in the center.
Move onto the makeup!.
Use a toothbrush and paint to create a spray design.
Let her have her way.
Have a Karaoke stage.
Wrap your entire basket in it and tie it on the top with a cute ribbon.
Take a relaxing bath the night before.
Plan at least one surprise.
Head to your local seafood restaurant.
Get the tree into water as soon as possible after the fresh cut.
Select the five sheets of Christmas paper you want to use.
Be aware that having your dream menu may not be possible when considering the convenience and availability of your ideal menu in terms of location and budget.
Put on Christmas carols while you work.
Support a work-related cause that you believe in.
Be patient on the road.
Place your freshly glittered ornament on top on the bottle; with the ornament stem inside the bottle neck.
Slide out the piece you just cut.
Make a memory jar.
Spend time with family.
Plan the entertainment for the evening.
Grab another strip of fabric, in another color, and knot it above the last piece.
Line the tin.
Choose your lights.
Buy locally grown food.
Write a letter.
Decorate a church with a Christmas tree or Chrismon tree.
When you get up, ask your parents if you can have something special for breakfast (like waffles and hot chocolate) and if they let you have it, enjoy it.
Choose a basic design or template and online service.
Decide where to witness the summer solstice.
Turn off the lights.
Decorate with a nature theme.
Use the cookie cutters to make figures or make custom ones with a knife.
Make a themed gift basket for newlyweds, college students, or new home owners you can create a gift basket with several inexpensive items from discount stores.
Select someone willing to sell tickets, or a group of people.
Fold or shape the notes.
Screw the plywood to the top of the vertical support that has been set in concrete in the bucket.
Put the gift inside of another item.
Learn what DNA is made of.
Make sure you are able to purchase stamps.
Add the broken white chocolate pieces and cream to the double boiler bowl.
Get a wooden box to put your coupons into.
Make a skeleton drawing of white bones on black paper.
Broil the ham for several minutes until the glaze is shiny.
Pull the needles of the tree.
Stitch the box together using a ¼-inch (0.64-centimeter) seam allowance.
Prepare for the twelfth day.
Set up the page using a word processing or design program.
Devise a romantic scavenger hunt.
Avoid giving your ex a gift that feels like it’s from you, like nice jewelry.
Practice on the item a few times before gifting.
Roast the pumpkin seeds.
Don’t overdo it with treats.
Wrap a piece of baker's twine 3 to 4 times around the end of each spoke.
Wake up and have an Irish Scone with Irish Butter and Irish Coffee.
Shopping cart trolleys were originally designed for people who walk to the corner grocery store or frequent farmer's markets - like city folks and many Europeans.
Send someone an anti-Valentine's Day card.
Look for local conservation groups who run regular beach cleanups.
Add an extra sheet of tissue paper for more volume.
Buy a Christmas tree and decorate it!.
Eat hot meals.
Try long, loose pants.
Plan a call on National Sister’s Day.
Be polite and then move away.
Hang the balloon on the ceiling with tape.
Pipe two small dots down the front of Santa's body.
Go on a hike and pick up things found on the ground, for example, pine cones, leaves, etc.
Color in the rest with white nail polish.
Feel around in gift bags for clues.
Go to an event.
Light a candle.
Bring candy to pass out to trunk-or-treaters.
Cut strips of wood to 1 ¾” wide.
Don't give up or collapse in a heap.
Go on active family outings to help boost your mood.
Open your self-given gift on Christmas Day, along with other gifts.
Fold twice more.
Wake up to excited children.
Organize a neighborhood game night to get to know your neighbors.
Keep the drinks simple, tasteful, and decorative.
Make sure to choose good quality photos, in order to get a beautiful outcome.
Surprise them with a sex toy.
Set a square piece of paper color side down and fold it diagonally both ways.
Purchase non-perishable food early.
Incorporate an activity.
Asses what you already have.
Get a piece of paper or paper towel and put a couple drops of red polish (can also be black or pink) on it.
Add the ornaments after you have attached the deco mesh.
Look for event flyers and posters around the city.
Make a whistle and stopwatch kit.
Take the direct approach by asking the person upfront.
Prepare yourself mentally and show up.
Select a suitable pretty ribbon in seasonal colors.
Hang your snowflake from your tree.
Plan for delays, if the post office is one of many post offices in big metropolitan cities containing many ZIP codes.
Do something creative.
Prepare chocolate coated spoons.
Line up one of the smaller pieces along the thin solid line.
Put cotton balls in the top of the terracotta pot.
Find suitable socks.
Present your card at checkout to save on purchases at the store.
Open the card, and place the parchment paper in the center.
Create gift baskets that contain a variety of goods.
Give a treat to your pet.
Place the pan in the refrigerator for at least an hour, or until ready to decorate.
Remain pleasant even if this means gritting your teeth.
There are many methods on How to Wrap Presents.
Know what the objective is.
Write your thank you notes by hand.
Now take a big sheet of transparent paper (coloured/patterned/plain), big enough to cover your whole basket.
Cover a resin skull with aluminum foil.
Wrap the foil around the skewer, then pull the skewer out.
Cut approximately 100 strips of gingham and other fabric.
Put on all your finishes touches.
Carefully transfer each decoration from the paper design to the wreath.
Vouchers are a great option for teenagers who have a particular interest.
If the gourd has dents, holes or cuts, fill these in.
Add some birthday candles.
Add birthday candles to the front of the card.
Look through magazines and newspapers, as the year progresses.
Push both foam balls onto a glue-covered toothpick to keep them together.
Find a macro or all-purpose wide angle lens.
Glue the finished hat onto his head with the hot glue.
Continue with additional dyes and new wax areas if wished.
Slice the strawberries and arrange them in a pattern on top of the cake.
Mix vanilla ice cream and eggnog for a delicious eggnog milkshake.
Place a pin through the end of one strip anywhere on the ball to get it started.
State "Je vous souhaite plein de bonheur en cette journée spéciale.".
Insert a hot glue stick into your hot glue gun, and let it heat up.
Finished!.
Place the fun fur square onto the table.
Meet at the allotted time, and start your decorating.
Sneak up behind a friend and smash the egg on their head.
If you haven't already, wrap up all of the Christmas presents you have left to wrap and if they are for someone who lives with you put them under the tree and if not, ask your mom if you can drive to their house to deliver their gift!.
Remove the bacon and baste the turkey crown.
Use gel or jelly to make Easter treats.
Arrange the candy cane hearts to form a circle, with the points facing inwards.
Watch the Aurora Borealis.
Keeping the edge of the embossed pattern in mind, cut the bronze (or whichever colour you want) paper ribbon and paste it as shown.
Play some Irish music.
Ask your parent/guardian where you could hide a present for someone.
Stay true to Boxing Day’s roots.
Add a simple face just below the hat.
Hang your paper chain from the walls or ceiling.
Contribute to 'Toys for Tots' and abused children.
Lay this "V" onto the ground and lay the drilled end of another 5 feet (1.5 m) section on the one end of the "V".
Add the flour, milk, and vanilla extract to the mixture.
If you get another bear for Christmas, let them join in.
Clean up after the meal.
Add zombie eyes.
Use a mask.
Go simple with sponges.
Spend some time with your friends during the summer.
Place the blank sides together.
Determine if you will have graphics on the certificate.
Attach thread or ribbon to the back.
Bring up your birthday to encourage them to talk about theirs.
When you have finished making all of the food and drink put them on some plates and set the table.
Fold both in along the score lines.
Avoid overeating.
Choose something suitable for the older child.
Create a coupon book filled with special activities or allowances.
Choose a safe location for the tree.
Coat the inside of the cleaned plastic eggs with non-stick spray.
Water the flowers daily.
Find someone who enjoys the same hobby so that you actually stick with it.
For another spooky effect, Buy a bottle of Stage Blood, or Kensington Gore for those in the U.K. Add a length of simple aquarium tube, connected to a turkey baster, filled with the artificial blood.
Don't forget the background noise.
Bake!.
Keep small parts away from your cat.
Hop up early and have breakfast.
Ask your photographer for recommendations regarding styling and setting.
Have a pie contest.
Stick candy canes onto the branches.
Consult your party planner if you have one.
Register for the website.
Add luxurious skin and hair care products.
Watch Christmas specials and movies, listen to Christmas carols.
Make treats.
Check online guides and your local bookstore for a good all-round island guide.
Clean up the dirty work.
Create a framed photo ornament.
Go to a White Cane Day celebration.
Open the non-latex gloves.
Using an Exacto knife, cut out the shape you just outlined in the previous step.
Buy Christmas presents!.
Take a marker and draw an outline of how you want your stocking to look onto one piece of felt.
Attend lectures about women in history or women’s issues.
Cut the greeting card in half along the fold.
Let her rest.
Serve immediately for the best flavor.
Choose Haggadot with BOTH English translations and Hebrew transliterations, because most non-Jews don't know and understand the Hebrew language.
Set the cylinder on its side in the middle of the wrapping paper.
Make the second stair exactly how you did the first cut by starting a few inches away form the first stair.
Wait 60 minutes for the paint to dry.
Schedule a day of fun.
If you're a techie too, consider setting up an afternoon of techie tinkering together.
Find the images that you want to make use of, or use the ones above.
Buy a lottery ticket.
Lay out your design before attaching anything.
Describe some personal experiences you had growing up with personal gifts at Christmas.
Arrange a quiet birthday at home.
Simmer the gammon for between 30 minutes and 1 hour.
Make a gift list in the summer.
Serve a variety of basic, low calorie non-alcoholic drinks.
Cream the butter and sugar together.
Gather one large magazine (100 pages or up) or two small magazines (50 pages or less) and cut the front and back covers off.
Hang 2 columns of Command hooks on your wall close to either edge.
Wrap the longer strips around the top and bottom edges.
Participate in a white cane walk.
Cool the mixture.
Design the front of your card.
Gather your food.
Get rid of things that you don't really want.
Do some fun research on eggs.
If you're in a country that is not predominantly Christian, there are still often Christmas celebrations but you'll need to find out where the Christian communities are holding these.
Think about how the leprechaun entered and left your house.
Loosen your pants and clothing.
Reward good behavior in your new dog.
Sleep.
Sign up for a ghost tour to learn about your area’s haunted history.
Click the link that will send you to the Checkiday webpage.
When the snowmen are dry, cut and peel some small squares of sticky plastic and apply to the front of them, one piece at the top and one at the bottom.
Make Easter grass from paper.
Step back, take a look, and modify as necessary.
Combine oats, flour, sugar and coconut in large bowl.
Read Christmas stories.
Scrunch tissue paper and place at the bottom of the bag.
Wrap up and trade candy at the end of the night.
Include a vinegar substitute if you have it.
Clean the frame.
Spread the buttercream.
Remember to buy batteries for any toy which requires batteries and also give some spares.
PikStiks are one of the handiest tools ever invented, for both old and young.
Visit Europe in months other than June, July, and August.
Keep a list of tasks you want to accomplish.
Give a sexy lingerie set to the prim and proper daughter-in-law who is driving you crazy with her perfectness.
Cut a 12" by 1/2" strip of felt (of whatever color you'd like), and tie that around his missing neck above his arms and below his face.
Toast your mother to show her your appreciation.
Drop "Pesach" for "Chag Sameach.".
Bring clothing and personal items.
Place the napkins next to the plates.
If using Photoshop, make sure that Constrain Proportions and Resample Image are both checked, otherwise you might squeeze your image or end up with an image way too big or too small (basically what we are trying to do at this step is to make an image just the right size to fill a sheet of paper when repeated as a pattern).
Get a "Jibber Jabber" red hair doll.
Improve her music collection.
Use some packaging tape in areas that cuphooks would not be able to be able to be used for some reason, or if the area is smaller than the lights would allow, or if the cup hook forces the lights to hang in an unnatural position on the wall.
Using normal sticky tape, press it against your skin multiple times, to make it less sticky.
Do the same with cheesy fingers.
Ensure that you will be warm enough to attend the parade the next day.
Venture out into other topics, as the ideas for these simple topics begin to decrease in intensity/amount.
Create a pumpkin caterpillar for a unique twist.
Recognize whether you need help controlling your emotional eating.
Pour a standard wine serving.
Add a pair of off-white slouch socks.
Throw out broken, damaged, or expired items instead of gifting them.
Put a cherry in the bottom of the glass (for the eye of newt).
Glue the two halves of each clothespin together.
Use a website with a printing service to design and print your paper.
Visit the tourist attractions.
Drink water-based after dinner drinks.
Obtain the candy bags you usually use.
Get your partner tickets to the game.
Use a pencil eraser and an ink pad to create a simple polka dot design.
Try a department store gift card where they can buy what they feel like.
Choose a hunter (seeker).
Focus on fruit.
Wear a hybrid qipao to enjoy the style of the dress with a modern flare.
Turn right side out.
Consider giving gifts to more people than just your family.
Piece together miniature sleighs.
If you want to mark any features, do so now.
Buy emergency gifts.
Rent a movie from RedBox or the library.
Include a note or other gifts, if desired.
Zip tie both layers together at the center and at the points where the hooks rest under the long sides of the hangers atop them.
Do not choose an outfit that's too revealing.
Love your singleness.
Have your children create a paper chain that can be hung on their tree.
Prepare the cookie cutters.
Play devil's advocate with eggs.
Add whipped cream.
Wear appropriate costumes.
Continue attaching your Christmas lights to your home.
When you collected all the ornaments or decorations that can be repaired do the following:.
Apply the sticker to the bell, preferably in the center.
Wear red and white stripes.
Set out the cookies.
Cover all the food and drink necessities.
Fold the main fabric into a box.
What's in YOUR wallet?.
Think of luxuries.
Do something crazy!.
Choose a suitable bag.
Cut out the card.
Visit the elderly.
Set everything lightly with powder.
Select a winner.
Continue this pattern until the cards run out or the window is covered in cards.
Observe how the gift is wrapped.
Write letters to Ježíšek (Jesus).
Check the US Department of Defense's Armed Forces Day page to find local celebrations.
Decide which day you'll choose.
Assemble your barcode card.On a clean sheet of white paper, lay out the cut out bar codes in a line.
Use a metal or plastic basket.
It might be a good idea to buy as many presents as you can from charity shops.
Play in the snow.
Host movie nights to catch up on the latest flicks.
If your honoree is adventuresome, blindfold them with an attractive looking bandana or blindfold prior to displaying or presenting any gifts.
Choose the slit-length based on your comfort level.
Decide how much you want to register for.
Attach an ornament to the center of the heart and add other decorations.
Create your gift.
Note that the name "Hangwa" is similar to another name for Chuseok, "Hangawi".
Turn off the lights when you’re ready to go to bed.
Keep your message short and sweet if you are signing in a hurry.
Always have hot cocoa or another hot drink after you come in out of the cold.
Choose your layering snack.
Buy around 10 books of their choice.
Know who will be attending.
Obtain a 2" (5 cm) thick piece of styrofoam and trim it to fit against the base of your snack trays, bowls and plates.
Check the instructions.
Paint the egg a solid color using acrylic paint.
Select a wreath.
Prepare for your festivities.
Think about things that she is transitioning in.
Obey your parents.
Launch an Internet browser.
Mix the skimmed milk, garlic, thyme, and lemon juice (the mixture will separate a little from the lemon juice but this is ok).
Fold the last piece of tissue paper over, then tape it down.
Make sure you smell good by wearing some cologne or perfume.
Buy a good lock for your suitcase.
Avoid negative people.
Select an international shipper to use.
Flip the right figure and place atop the left.
Tell the children it's the teddy bear's bedtime when it's time to wrap the picnic.
Light up your home.
Consider the gift of apps.
Go to where the presents are and choose a present you want to see.
Use them to display your business cards.
Look online for more ideas.
Buy them a hamster mug.
Fold the fabric in half, with the right sides facing in.
Remove the cork.
Network.
Organize for the coming year.
Make a taller ninth cube.
Clip the corners.
Make a frozen lake.
Melt the chocolate in a double boiler.
Invite the guests.
Get a portrait for them.
Lay the rolled shirt on 3 sheets of tissue paper.
Make Brownies.
Opt for a “natural” dessert.
Break your fast at sunset with a festive meal.
Consult your photographer about your ideas.
Buy eco-friendly gifts if you're not making them.
Get a knife or scissors and cut through the tape on the edge of the gift wrap.
Trim the ends of each ribbon close to the flat points.
HAVE FUN - and relax.
Paint the frame.
Make an aromatherapy basket.
Draw out a list of related activities to your hobby.
Select a contact.
Add vases of white flowers to your evergreens for a floral take on "White Christmas.".
Combine flour, liquid starch, wood glue, water, and salt in a mixing bowl.
Let your guests seat themselves.
Show the types of colorful art that is displayed around the home during Kwanzaa.
Avoid using tattered or damaged holiday lights.
Research and memorize the National Anthem.
Give away lovely things to everyone who comes to the party.
Consider these options.
Decorate with frosting.
Prepare a big dinner.
Let the glue dry thoroughly.
Play up the pumpkins.
Get in shape.
Have food like hot dogs, burgers, fries, etc.
Give your full attention to what you are doing each moment.
Light the Jack-o'-Lantern.
Explain the food.
Let the branches dry before placing them back on the tree.
Next, securely tape down the box and add tape for additional support to the corners of the box to make it even more secure.
Check for old gift cards you can use to buy gifts.
Decorate (optional).
Add flesh and guts.
Print the page and glue it to the front of the box with simple instructions.
Write a story!.
Enjoy the occasion.
And don't forget a snack!.
Wrap the open end of the stocking around the stem of the pumpkin.
Use a marker and write a message for your mom on the back of the cookie.
Find Santa yourself.
Add some of the cooking liquid to a pan and simmer it for several minutes.
When you're done, put it back where it was before and make sure it looks like no one has even touched it.
Throw her a party.
Perform i'tikaaf in the last ten days of Ramadan.
Add the wool buttons or cotton wool to the body.
Shovel snow and put down salt.
Tie small loops to each end of your cord, then hang it up.
Make sure your room is clean and there is a clear path between your door and the basket.
Decorate your home or the main room with the symbols of Kwanzaa.
Arrange the ornaments on a cookie tray or other solid surface;.
Separate the whites and the yolks.
Visit a children’s museum.
Wrap duct tape around the bottom half of the model.
Train your dog.
Keep in touch with everyone!.
Make a personalized candle.
Remove all holiday plants and flowers from the reach of children and animals.
Wrap the egg with a second layer.
Gash the fat diagonally, being careful not to tear a huge hole in the ham.
Make Halloween decorations.
Enjoy!.
Finish the top by making a loop for hanging the figure.
Gather your materials.
Treat yourself to a simple pleasure to boost your mood.
Take the photo, making sure not to move the camera.
Get up from your bed.
Listen for your balance.
Check out other ideas on wikiHow for gift-giving.
Make a heart tree using tree branches and hearts.
Make sure you choose to do this when no one is around.
Watch for heavy cream and butter in the mashed potatoes.
Spend more time with your family.
Add a new handle.
Get the wrapping paper.
Support one another.
Give your dog healthy Christmas dinner leftovers.
Keep your home clean and neat all year, but, a few days before Christmas, do an extra good job.
Wet one side of each egg with a dab or brush of water.
Answer the questions asked to check your balance.
Cut four pieces of ribbon for the length of the box.
Get decorating.
Enjoy some crafts at home.
Put a small dab of glue on the outside of the newly formed tabs.
Create magic potions from juices, soft drinks, or other edibles.
With a Passover meal, every small and seemingly insignificant detail really counts and matters.
Make scented fire starters.
Show off your holiday spirit on windows.
Make the beak.
Buy the couple a gift through the wedding registry.
Repeat until you're satisfied with the amount of iterations.
Visit Grandfather Frost.
Make pumpkins with colored paper.
Plan a day trip to learn about local attractions.
Open up the iTunes app on your device.
Check the weather forecast.
Find out what is going on in your area.
Cover a cookie tray with parchment paper.
Attend outdoors festivals to eat good food and play games.
Plan to travel.
Ask your dad well before the day what sort of gadgets, apps or other technical things he likes are currently being released.
Hone your cooking and baking skills in the summer months.
Put hooks along the edge of your ceiling every 1 ft (30 cm) behind your bed.
Incorporate educational holidays activities into your schooling.
Put on some suspenders.
Discover or work on a talent.
Turn it over to where the straight fat end faces left again.
Consider the recipient.
Get software.
Have a friend put on a tight fitting long sleeve shirt and pants.
You can also write-keep a diary, write a song/novel, whatever, just let your imagination to do it.
Try a big, romantic gesture.
Sketch a flat oval, that later will become a basket full of Easter eggs.
Thank your guests for coming.
Know that your dog can have apples or pumpkin.
Hang the bell cone from the loop at the back.
Apply liquid latex around the edges of the attached prosthetic to seal them.
Drop a cherry into the bottom of the glass with a pair of tongs.
Read public domain Christmas stories.
Light the Kinara daily.
Add some candle holders or wine bottles with candles jammed on the top.
Decide how much money you want to give.
Once your child becomes a teenager (or at whatever age your child stops wanting to take pictures with Santa), present your child with the photo album of all their pictures with Santa.
Add "snow".
Base dining out on the size of your family.
Buy or make a card for their birthday.
Prepare for the first day of Christmas.
Pull the fourth light up and pinch it next  to the second one.
Top with candy cane.
Try a new seafood.
Tie a bow around the gift.
Address the underlying issue in therapy.
Tape the circular piece of wood to one end of the PVC pipe.
Learn about the reasons why the potato is an important food crop.
Know if and when each class of mail is able to be sent to be successfully delivered at the destination.
Study the history of your country.
Make it crystal clear that you're interested in him.
Create a design on Microsoft Word.
Keep the ISO around 400 to make up for the dark lighting.
Consider these age-related possibilities for gifts:.
Weigh all your options.
Pick up and pass around the key items.
Decide on a number of Guests to Invite.
Determine how awful your gift actually is.
Pick out what jewelry you plan on wearing to the Christmas party (if any).
Holding the ornament stem between your thumb and index finger, with your crafting or sponge brush, completely cover the ornament with a light coat of glue.
Dance and enjoy a wide selection of mixed drinks, domestic and foreign beer, and top shelf liquor at one of the area's nightclubs during your Lake Tahoe spring break.
Add gummy worms to the liquid inside the glove.
Bake the bacon covered turkey crown for 25 to 30 minutes.
Move on to nails while the mask works.
Tie these two bags together with ribbon and set aside.
Don’t eat any candy until you can sort through it at home.
Do something to help the New Zealand environment.
Plan a celebration in your local community.
Consider the decorations, or theme of the party.
Push a needle into the top to make a hole into the ball.
Try cooking from scratch.
Tap Let’s get started!.
Make some potato recipes at home.
Put a big bow on the item.
Keep the lights off most of the party.
Write down a list of major events.
Get them what they asked for if they made a request.
Use your gift card at a drugstore to get redeemable points.
Place the cut shapes carefully on waxed paper on top of cookie sheets.
Decorate your door.
Participate in the party’s theme.
Apply a sealer, if necessary.
Mingle.
Draw straight lines on your parchment paper.
Allow to dry.
Opt for a tree with hinged branches if you want an easy to set up.
Pray on time.
Add ribbon for hanging.
Don’t tell anyone your wish.
Get a red bell, some gold glitter, and a sticker of the eiffel tower.
Burn a little around the edges of each invitation paper.
Eat apples dipped in honey.
Consider buying a carbon offset.
Remove all decorations from the tree.
Donate your time.
Have a great prize for finding the Afikoman (Hebrew: "dessert").
Kick off the romantic night by creating vampire related drinks.
Order your cards.
Share family stories with children to help them appreciate tradition.
Decide what type of earrings you want to buy.
Decide what text will be on the gift certificate.
Cure a hangover with a bacon sandwich.
Donate pies.
Think about calories.
Bring some entertainment, like a book or your iPod.
Make beautiful ornaments by hand too!.
Find a map of your city online or at your local library and highlight the places you're allowed to go to.
Listen to the President's address.
Place the base wreath elements onto the oasis ring.
Plan on picking out the places you'd like to visit with Fast Pass tickets to avoid waiting in long lines.
Craft your own mask.
Find a summer job.
Choose a format.
Be ready to allay concerns that might arise during the vacation.
Personalize your gift.
Find out some quirky facts about punctuation.
Decorate the edges of the paper.
Wrap your lights around your tree and use the scotch tape to hold them down and be sure that no wires are sticking out.
Figure out what your current hobby is.
Buy the Christmas gift for yourself.
Take the egg pieces out and dip each piece into the chocolate, using a fork as the holder.
String up the fairy lights in the window you're decorating.
Choose a design that you think that your mother likes.
Do not use white glue to preserve a pumpkin.
Keep the tree out of harsh sunlight and warm drafts from vents.
Punch a hole at the top.
Plug in your lights before removing them from the box.
Go on a shopping spree.
Watch special holiday programs.
Go for a horse-drawn carriage ride for a perfect end to the day.
Try different egg recipes.
Drape your lights from hook to hook.
Find another option if sacrifice is not feasible.
During the registration process you should never be asked to provide a credit card number or bank account.
Research the origins of Halloween.
Plan a surprise with your sister’s friends.
Decide which gifts you cannot use or do not like.
Pamper them.
Twist the light bulb to check the connection.
Take some pictures of you and your family!.
Write a letter to the mailman.
Use the excess wire and form it in the shape of a hook.
Fold it in half, crease well, and open it back up.
Construct the snow globe.
Practice the customary restrictions.
Choose your money piece!.
Once the item is securely packaged, you can send it with a relevant courier service who will be able to collect your item and deliver it to the recipient.
Keep moving.
Hang your mummy as a decoration.
Eat a small, healthy meal before heading to holiday parties.
Check your gift card balance before you start the payment process.
Wrap the box using wrapping paper and tape if it’s not decorated.
Have your qipao tailored to fit your body perfectly.
Tap Send Money.
Paste a bronze colour paper at the back to give it a matched look.
Show respect to the fallen by proudly wearing your poppy in public.
Start or donate to a crowdfund campaign.
Have some of your Thanksgiving guests say grace before eating.
Plan the music.
Prepare your costume.
Include a gift receipt.
Find the best places to eat.
Get your boyfriend a streaming service he doesn't have.
Seal the box with shipping tape.
Suggest a book exchange.
Redecorate your room.
Consider the potential for re-gifting.
Learn about the history and traditions of the Moon Festival.
Wrap the remaining cord around the bunch and plug the two sides in.
Tap Friends and Family.
Apply stickers along the edges to secure the wrapping in place.
Get a piece of cardstock and cut it so it is a bit smaller than your wallpaper.
Create a witch pumpkin by painting it green and giving it a witch hat.
Decorate your tree with some non-food objects, if you'd like.
Don't tell people what's inside.
Give her the gift yourself.
Fold a diagonal triangle crease towards the center.
Chop and melt the white chocolate.
Brush or lightly grease a cookie sheet with shortening.
Put the bulb lightly on the sticky note (to avoid making one side flat) and let dry for about 5 minutes.
Go on day trips and holidays.
Glue your cut construction paper onto one side of the box.
Keep electric holiday decorations away from heat sources.
Decorate for Easter.
Select a suitable vintage or old handkerchief.
Identify deals.
Carry some form of illumination at all times.
Repeat both making the snowflakes and the threaded pompom lengths as many times as wished, to make as many snowflakes as you'd like.
If you're using 2 magazines, tape the first pages together, combining them.
Wear bright colours.
Hold a costume contest.
Pick the best time to go.
Turn over the pebble so its weight is on the picture.
Take care of anyone dependent on you such as an elderly parent.
Rub the raw edges of your pumpkin with a thin layer of petroleum jelly.
Take some time to learn about Asian Pacific American history.
Drape Garlands, in bright green or red, across the fence and secure it with ties, so that it won't blow away...at the first sign of strong wind.
Use your research to find the weather conditions in different areas of the country or world during the time you want to travel.
Create your own groundhog masks.
You can enjoy this autumn centerpiece for weeks.
Fill the bowl with candy.
While they do the crafts, put Easter cookies, brownies, or cupcakes (etc) in the oven.
Turn off the main lights, shut the curtains so that it looks like you aren't there, if you decide to ignore trick-or-treaters.
Make a top hat out of a sheet of black craft felt.
Place your planted container in a sunny spot outdoors.
Attend a community bonfire if you want a festive night.
Play outside.
Lay the pants out on the bed and stuff them with old sheets or clothes.
Cut some felt into a triangle.
Measure the ends - Make sure there is slightly more than half the depth of the box at each end.
Obtain a control system.
Call the White House comments line.
Stay on sidewalks as much as possible.
Set the bottle aside.
Outline the inner pattern after you're through with the outer pattern.
Wear a plain white or checkered button-down shirt.
Prepare yourself to enjoy the festivities.
Form balls with the mixture and chill them again overnight.
Make the 3-D points, as outlined in the previous section, for all four ribbons on the second side.
Paint silver over the middle, overlapping with the red and blue.
Note the effects of cooking styles on potato nutrition.
Continue painting the branches until you are done.
Write in the guest's name for each invitation.
Fold over the top part of the bag.
Fill in each section of the card-stock to create coupons.
Color your four leaf clover.
Arrange the bases.
Start getting ready in good time.
Engage in reuse or recycling craft projects.
Wrap the crease with a piece of ribbon, then repeat on the other side.
Pick up some items for the home.
Treat her to a spa.
Decide what supplies you will need to prepare for the game an make a sign that has a title of your game.
Click “Submit Your Order” button to complete your order.
Dip the strips of newspaper into the liquid mixture to coat them.
Knead the dough together until it holds together well.
Choose the lights for the bookworm Christmas tree.
Get them a doggy cam.
Put chap-stick in your bag.
Choose a passage or more about hobbits from one of Tolkien's books to read aloud together.
A few months before the trip, start planning and researching a destination.
Have a plan for the toy section.
Have bacon with every meal of the day.
Add some ropes or beads that look like pearls as garlands.
Show that the party is about the guests, not the hosts.
Prepare for tipsy guests.
Split them up.
Start shopping early.
Fold all the corners to meet in the middle.
Remove the strand's power cord from the main source of power.
Tie the gloves.
Cook dinner for family and friends.
Watch TV made in New Zealand.
Find out what's happening in the singles scene.
Save electricity.
Ask your spouse for input.
Mix in blender until smooth and thick.
Print out free party decorations online.
Consider including an invite for a trip away from home and allow them to bring a friend.
Put a pea-sized blob of glue that dries clear on the flat side of the pebble.
Clip your light to a shingle, gutter, or eave.
Slide out the gift.
Cut out the lid.
Add a small pink pom-pom as the nose.
Cut four pieces of ribbon for the width of the box.
Use your one free hand to loop the one end of the strand around the back of the strand.
Consider spraying the bottom.
Attend official events.
Buy a good hat.
Go out with your friends.
Find a Cornucopia basket.
Soak them in a bleach solution.
Teach yourself a new skill if there’s a topic you’re interested in.
Listen to your dad for gift ideas.
Attend Saturday morning services at the synagogue.
Show only two movies if you are having a film fest.
Get into the heart of Christmas.
Poke a small hole with a straw about a quarter inch away from the top of the shape so you have something to hang it by.
Prepare for the sixth day of Christmas.
Place the second set of four hanger pairs atop the first as shown to create an eight pointed star.
Consider the occasion; do you want to give something they will cherish forever, or something fun that will make them laugh?.
Trim ⅛” along the short and long sides of one half of the card.
Give it to the receiver personally if possible.
Avoid gifts that are more for you than her.
Add a star or angel shank button, if desired.
Dive underneath the ice of Lake Baikal.
Make the raffle price reasonable.
Score 1 inch (2.5 cm) from the edge on all sides.
Now hide from the hunter!.
Make some Valentine's Day cards for your loved ones.
Give yourself a present.
Decide on the beverages.
Cleanse.
Stop wearing your poppy after the 11th of November or after Remembrance Sunday, whichever is later.
Cook for about 15-20 minutes to the pound.
Arrange several of these delightful bottles together anywhere that light will reflect your glittery creation!.
Attend some of the celebratory events taking place at the Smithsonian museum.
Wrap some tape around the egg.
Line up holiday plants along the fence, or tie them on around the fence.
Decorate the house.
Paint a face on the gourd snowman.
Take off the strand from the Christmas tree, carefully.
Serve yourself using plates or bowls so you can manage the amount you eat.
Don't fear generic items.
Preheat the oven to 425 °F (218 °C) and weigh the turkey crown.
Knit booties for baby if you like or knit other items like clothing and blankets.
Crease the corners into the shape of the present.
Say something.
Continue cutting around the stem.
When your friend comes by, try to act as natural as you could.
Look at some pictures.
Put together a cleaning basket.
Carefully peel the icicles away from the parchment paper.
Buy a personal grooming product such as shampoo or soap, and wrap it up and place it in the shoe box.
Maybe give your friend a hug.
Concentrate on eating the most recent course served.
Take the flowers to the closest shipping center.
Push wall plugs into each of the holes you drilled.
Set the raffle up in the week or two leading up to Easter.
Add creepy crawlies.
Visit somebody.
Using a spray bottle, saturate the soil with water.
Submit links to several YouTube videos that have something to do with Christmas.
Stick a wreath on the front door.
Give your guests a living gift to remind them of nature.
Mix in the peanut butter, very little bit of milk and one teaspoon of honey (honey is optional).
Put a small glue drop onto each tail feather (the index finger shapes).
Use burlap and mercury glass ornaments for a rustic door.
Create the eggs.
Watch TV!.
Decide whether or not you want to use black and white or full color.
Have the gift delivered if you live too far away.
Secure the flowers to a box with zip ties.
Take a sheet of red colored velvet paper, cut it into the shapes as shown in the picture.
Think of your characters.
Pour some water or orange juice into a food-grade rubber glove.
Set the shapes out to dry somewhere, preferably somewhere where they won't be disturbed by nosy pets, children, or spouses.
Wear lucky charms.
Fold the long sides up and tape in the middle.
Think more vegetables.
Allow to dry completely.
Display at a gathering or just for decoration at home.
Use a toothpick to attach the two styrofoam balls together.
Hold a Cake Walk.
Host a gift exchange at a small party.
Fold the spinach and the hummus together in a bowl using a flat plastic spatula.
Donate to general aid organization to give to people in need all over the world.
Make a Guest List.
Fill the other half of the glass with lemonade.
Draw a Christmas tree onto a soda bottle.
Place each truffle into a small cupcake case.
Camp out in a hotel room not far from your parade route spot from about 10 pm the Wednesday night before until at least 5 am on Thanksgiving.
Visit a new place together.
Get two separate bowls and pour 2 cups of milk into each bowl.
Have a real Santa.
Boil tamales for about 2 hours or cook in a pressure cooker for about 40 minutes.
Try on an African kafkan, a traditional robe worn by African women during Kwanzaa.
Heat the oven to 160C/Fan 140C/325F/gas mark 3.
Move the candle, pumpkin, and camera so that you see reflected light rather than light directly from the candle.
Pay attention to your boyfriend's interests.
Watch Christmas films!.
Keep an eye on your dog.
Work in an up and down pattern across your wall.
Avoid adding unnecessary images or wording to the front of the envelope.
Brush the thickened mixture onto the ham.
Carefully draw in the features, such as a scarf, eyes, nose etc using gold and silver glitter glue.
Thread the ribbon through the tops of the baubles, and string them up at different levels in the window.
Create a fun character.
Assemble the items needed to make this wreath.
Spread the Christmas gatherings and visits out, to reduce the rush to see everyone on Christmas day.
Exchange the "Naga-Noshi.".
Place candles in the windows.
Open up your child's toy prior to wrapping it.
Push the brown or yellow salt dough through the garlic press to create "worms".
Dye the egg for 5 minutes.
Purchase a snow globe kit online or from a craft store.
Click on the item you'd like to buy from the registry online.
On Christmas Eve you should probably be in bed by at least 10pm, at the latest!.
Cover the top half of the model in duct tape.
Put some Easter grass in your basket!.
Insert a purchased pot of mums into the pumpkin’s opening.
Zip tie together at the center and at points where the hooks touch.
Think simple.
Carve on your lines.
Speak clearly and confidently.
Get help.
Repeat with different people until all eggs are gone.
Go wassailing.
Apply the Mod Podge to the entire star to seal it.
Hire a limo.
Wrap the completed solid flat rabbit in clear cellophane and it's ready to give.
Give your hair some TLC so it is soft and shiny.
Paste a small cotton ball on the end of the hat using glue.
Enjoy.
Get most of the decorations up by about the second week of December.
Consider the size of the tree.
Follow the directions on How to Make Ghosts in a Dirt Graveyard of how to make the crushed cookies and pudding mix.
Use Ferris Wheel Day as an excuse to get out of Valentine's Day.
Cut up the CDs into jagged pieces of different sizes and shapes.
Attract Santa.
Fulfill his dreams.
Hang fewer holiday lights.
Make a smaller wreath in the same fashion using 12 mini candy canes.
Create more rows on the bottom of the ring.
Add any other items you think will improve the look of the album.
Warm the ingredients.
Store presents that arrive before the wedding.
Plan to attend Mickey's Not So Scary Halloween Party.
Take up a hobby.
Check the temperature of the water.
Photocopy the bar codes.Take the club cards with bar codes, and photocopy the bar codes.
Fold the corner of the top flap into the center.
Pick out a cute dress or whatever outfit you have planned.
Shift your commuting time to avoid traffic.
Window decorations are also a creative idea, too!.
Hang stockings.
Use your costume and props to give you sex appeal.
When planning your Christmas meal try to use only seasonal vegetables and if you can grown locally.
Bake throughout the holiday season.
Give a costume helper.
Punch holes in the stocking.
Mix the water with the baking soda and the corn starch in a big pot.
Before you glue your picture on, look at the picture.
Make a Thanksgiving dinner just for yourself.
Select a plain colored tablecloth.
If wished, drill two holes on each side of the gourd snowman's body.
Play dreidel.
Choose a variety of different decorations.
Repeat these steps, with the wire forming a W-shape.
Make this day about gratitude.
Have a karaoke night at your place.
Avoid unlit houses.
Plan your day and prepare as much in advance as possible.
Let the liquid latex air-dry for 1-2 minutes before applying additional coats.
Draw the people design as shown in this image.
Celebrate with the locals.
Empty contents of egg into a clean bowl.
Find out if the recipient has a hobby or particular interest.
Get in and purchase your items as soon as possible.
Cut away the extra tape.
Put some confetti or coloured bits of paper and add them at the bottom.
Look for the items that have more surreal value in them.
Invite a veteran to speak at your workplace or school.
Allow your guests the option of giving physical gifts if they really want to.
Beware of very large boxes, as they may be a trick.
Head to Munich for the original and largest Oktoberfest celebration.
When you get up, creep around your room, and practice.
Give a heartwarming picture with a custom frame.
Run the tubing through the body of the dummy, and out of a tiny hole in his mouth.
Fold each square into a triangle.
Place the saucepan over gentle heat.
Set your priorities.
Cover.
Practice the Kwanzaa greetings.
Grow your own potatoes.
Remove yolk from the inside of the egg.
Make egg crafts.
Replace candy with raisins.
Go to a Sadie Hawkins dance at your school!.
Check for card redemption restrictions.
Determine where they like to shop.
Print off or make your own scary stories.
Assemble the middle of the tree, using the same method.
Find new ways to relax.
Add some mittens and arms using red craft felt and toothpicks.
Always get a receipt or proof of sending documentation.
Set up a scavenger hunt.
Fix everything uneven.
Treat her to a spa day.
Prime the entire hand with a water-based primer.
Always pick dark chocolate.
Loop the string onto the hook.
Decide where you want to hold the party.
Create an account.
Finish up by covering the whole body and head of the gourd with a clear acrylic spray finish.
Rent a movie.
Check in with guests and the venue throughout the party.
Include calming stocking stuffers for relaxing gifts.
Next to the forks place a bread plate and on top of it place a butter knife.
Use a spoon to scrape out the white flesh and seeds from the interior of the pepper.
Hold your own cookout.
Reflect on your past and contemplate your future.
Carve the shape using your knife.
Buy a mason jar or use an old, clear-colored coffee jar.
When gifting gifts, don't look angry or grumpy.
Try to set boundaries ahead of time.
Decide whether you want a tree that comes with accents.
Eat pilmeni.
Appreciate what Santa is.
Dry, brush and style your hair.
Remember, the point of birthday celebrations is to honor a special person on their one-day-a-year that is exclusively theirs.
Upon arrival at the beach, unload all your luggage into your hotel or motel room if you're staying overnight.
Ensure that your Christmas tree is thoroughly watered.
Locate the hole you punched in the top of the mummy.
Set out the tree for collection.
Identify your own triggers in advance.
Prime your eyelids.
Using an acid-free glue, glue the photo to the card.
Look for a card with their age if they are celebrating a milestone birthday.
Look around your holiday destination for items on your list and for any new ideas.
Mix the cornstarch into the liquid until it thickens.
Learn that a cookie exchange party is a clever way to encourage the spirit of giving, plenty of warm wishes and lots of fun throughout the day.
Make guidelines on the back side of the front cover.
Give your child a special treat.
Experiment with other methods to make snowflakes.
Select a suitably sized gift.
Accentuate places in your snowflake by adding a second color.
Use peanut butter for fixing little challenges.
Decorate your Christmas tree with fake snow and holly berries.
Once both are swirled, make sure they are both completely full, and as quick as you can shut the egg.
Secure a star anise to the middle of your snowflake with hot glue.
Take a drive.
Go to multiple stores.
All available patterns should then appear, and the item you just added should now be the last one in the list:thumb.
Provide taxi vouchers for home travel.
Make a toasting cake.
Make an online or snail mail request if necessary.
Mail cards to friends, family, and those in need.
Shake the box.
Cut the apple in half while making sure to cut a little off center to avoid any seeds.
Add the rainbow sprinkles and stir once more.
Outline the outer shape of the bunny and add details.
If you're not Jewish, ask your Jewish friends questions about the Passover Seder, and go to Jewish websites to read about the History of Passover.
Watch your favorite feel-good movie if you want a fun, relaxing activity.
Put mini marshmallows in another bag.
Celebrate with local friends who are on their own too.
Attend a naturalization ceremony at your local federal courthouse.
Focus on current events.
Notice the left unfolded side (see picture).
Pour butter mixture into oat mixture and stir with a wooden spoon until all the ingredients are mixed together.
Insert a layer of either candy corn or jelly beans on the crumbs.
Make the heart.
Request gifts at multiple price points.
Keep your peppers in the fridge until you are ready to display them for your party or event.
Put it on a ledge, table, or by the fireplace.
Cater your decorations to fit a nature theme.
Opt for a keepsake gift to stay focused on the kids.
Melt the chocolate according to the instructions that come with the chosen chocolate.
Mix old traditions with new ones.
Pour the melted chocolate into the bunny mold.
Reuse maps, newspaper, magazine pages, or sheet music.
Limit alcoholic beverages.
Measure the width of your bag and how far you want your note to go down.
Think positively all day.
Trick or treat in groups.
Make sure you're not seen or heard while snooping.
Wrap your egg.
Spend a night wrapped in blankets, drinking something hot, and watching movies with popcorn or reading a good book.
Add a bow or other embellishments if you’d like.
Decorate for dinner with holiday napkin rings.
Be careful of how much you pay for her present.
Hang up a photobooth backdrop.
Gather books, crafts, activities for kids.
Move the tree to a better-suited area, or until the tree is away from the child's hands, but is still in pluggable reach of an electrical outlet.
Give an experience.
Use red and green accents.
Give an amount that has meaning to both you and the couple.
Hang the other items to the outside of the yard (on the street-facing side of the fence) 4' to 5' apart.
Wash the gourd.
Once you have registered on the website, you will be take through a co-registration.
Hit the beach for a unique, relaxing Christmas.
Embellish.
Check your teacher’s dietary restrictions.
Cut out an Easter egg.
All utensils should be one inch from the table.
Take a piece of construction paper and fold it vertically, like you're closing a book.
Put the lid back on.
Coat hands with non-stick spray.
Hang baubles.
Add some artificial Holly or Poinsettias to existing plants...cut the stem off a few of them and add them to your shelves, even place them in the bathroom, on the towel shelf.
Make cobwebs  to hang across your front door, in the trees near your house, or on your car.
Use the card to get free beverages and other perks at IKEA.
Find or buy anything else that you will wear or need on your trip.
Meditate.
Decide if you want to redeem your stamps for greenpoints or cash.
Cut out the stars.
Place the rings in a horse carriage for an elaborate theme.
Head to a community dinner if you want company.
Buy her favorite candy.
Look in the trunk of the car that you don't use or if your parents say "No, I'll put it in the trunk for you".
If you do not think your friends would be very interested in a Hobbit Day celebration, celebrate the day in your own way.
Create your design on the card with your markers or crayons first.
Book your employees a massage or spa day.
Beware of unsafe foods.
If you have an artificial tree, take it apart.
Learn about the different varieties of potatoes.
Attend Rosh Hashanah services at your synagogue.
Leave the cookies in a place you know your mom will find them.
Prepare for Shabbat.
Turn 90 degrees to where the pointy end is facing downward and the fat end is facing to your right.
A Halloween party is all about creating a mysterious, creepy, and dark atmosphere.
Cope with hurtful comments.
Donate items to a local Fisher House to help veterans’ families.
Be grateful.
Deck out your home with Thanksgiving decorations.
Sit the dummy in the chair where you want it to go.
Work out compromises.
Prepare for the eighth day of Christmas.
Assemble the row above the current one.
Put in sunglasses.
Keep checklists and set a budget.
Continue with the remaining sequins.
Practice your personal signature.
Wait for children to show up at your trunk.
Try buying yourself mini-presents: jewellery, an elegant pen, a figurine, etc.
Once you've bagged your man, be clear about your post-vacation expectations.
Put cricket on the TV while you celebrate.
Consider what your budget can handle.
Cut up a pair of pantyhose into squares.
Use the cookie cutters to cut out the chosen shapes.
Give her vintage jewelry.
Make a playlist for her.
Buy decorations!.
Consider art and craft supplies.
Welcome Shabbat with prayers for your children, lighting Shabbat candles, Kiddush prayers, challah prayers, a festive dinner, and Shabbat Friday night services at the synagogue.
Group odds and ends in greens and reds for a traditional color scheme.
Give guests plenty of time to plan for the party.
Go to a different kind of bar.
Trace the stemware mouth on the cardboard.
Tie string to apple stems.
Once all your decorations are on and dried, slip  a ribbon through the hole at the top.
Add a card.
Check out local photographers’ prices and portfolios.
Draw an irregular line for the stalk.
Purchase a wired file organizer to store your bags in your crafts desk.
To make tombstones, shape the cardboard as a tombstone, using sharpie, write R.I.P.
Organize a women’s history event in your community.
Give prizes for the best costumes, and the people who act most like their characters.
Include important information under the title.
Rip off a small strip of tape.
Buy any props you can't make.
Whiz the remaining 40g Bitesize Shredded Wheat in a food processor until fine and spread out onto another plate.
Have a "best guess" star chart made.
Fit the hair clip to the end of the wire.
Have a game night.
Stuff the shirt down inside the pants.
Punch holes into the tops of the cards, then string them together.
Lay these carefully down on a firm table.
Pamper your mom!.
Make houses or cottages.
Obtain a suitable bauble ball or small foam ball, measuring 8 inches or 20cm in diameter.
Find somebody to adopt the dog.
Avoid getting anything that has excess string or cords, such as slingshots.
Budget and schedule a vacation to somewhere special.
Visit famous Cornish landmarks.
Buy or make a thoughtful gift.
If responsible for hosting Christmas Day for a large group of people and anyone offers to help: TAKE IT!.
Have it recycled.
Start a footrace (for fun, not for marrying)!.
Give older kids a budget and let them pick out the gift.
Enhance the appearance of your pumpkin “vase” by tucking a variety of foliage around the base of the pumpkin and onto the table.
Wake up, but not too early!.
Enjoy your gifts and the family togetherness.
Set it fat-side up in a shallow roast pan.
Mix the cinnamon, cloves, and nutmeg together in a bowl.
Find a venue.
Avoid eating the sweet and fatty food at every occasion that you attend.
Fold in the chocolate chips.
Know who you’re dealing with and act appropriately.
Finish your homework.
Create a Jolly Roger flag.
Fold down once.
Keep all the formatted photos in the background.
Remove each of the blown-out Christmas light bulbs.
Make the arms from another pipe cleaner.
Knead the dough.
Smile more.
Shoot off your own fireworks.
Finish with a single candle.
Plan a day of awesomeness.
Look in a closet or other space that is always locked.
Blend, blend, blend!.
Make sure your nails are clean and file them to the desired shape that you want.
Make cute things from real eggs.
Begin your planning.
Make the nose.
Go to the beach.
Once you have a general idea of how many people are going to come talk to caterers and tell them a general idea of the amount of people, and throw some idea around of the food they will serve.
Place your carved pumpkin in a tub or large bowl filled with cold water, carved side down.
Make Christmas-y food and drink!.
Repeat with the other four cubes.
Beginning at the unknotted end, thread through the first cookie cutter to just before the knot.
Align and staple the bottom edges of both lanterns together.
Change your margins to a smaller size so the certificate prints closer to the edges.
Place the mousse-filled chocolate eggs into the refrigerator.
Substitute a fireplace mantel for other stocking "hooks".
Ask close friends or family.
Find/buy and circular piece of wood, enough to cover one end of the PVC pipe.
Buy them tickets for a special event.
Choose a theme to decorate the trunk or booth.
Try shopping at local markets.
Draw some candles on the front of the card.
Prepare a feast.
Buy some travel items for your honeymoon.
Attend the 5 prayer services in a synagogue.
First calculate the budget that you will spend on your Christmas Tree Decorations.
Add in a Christmas comedy film.
Once you have had all the dates picked out and a hotel or motel room reserved, make a list of all the items you'll need on your trip to the beach.
Obtain two big pieces of felt.
Ask for 2 minutes of silence at 11 am on November 11th.
Write the relevant information on the invitation.
Make holes for the ribbons right after you have cut the figures.
Pile up as much sand you can muster with a shovel into a large hill.
Decide what you would like to dress as.
Have your camera at the ready.
Place the glove on a baking sheet lined with paper towels to catch any liquid that might leak out.
Paint pictures or short phrases on plain-colored bulbs.
Choose the most eco-friendly Christmas tree option for you.
Tie some thread into a loop, then hot glue it to the top of each icicle.
Use leaves and paint to create an organic design.
Stir the melted chocolate into the cornflakes.
Talk to the guests of the feast.
Award prizes for the best wrapped present.
If you can find a party, awesome!!.
Visit a museum or historical site related to the Constitution.
Make a handprint bouquet.
Place two hangers with longest sides together and hooks facing the same direction, zip ties together, and clip the ends of the zip ties flush with the fastener.
Set up materials for the craft.
Mentally you need to take care of your mind; reading newspapers and keeping up to date with current affairs is a brilliant way to keep your mind sharp; sudoku is also brilliant as well.
Fulfill a fantasy.
Get creative with your embellishments.
Reach out to the person you're thinking about.
Look for special screenings at the movie theater.
Remember that everyone is going with the intention to have fun.
Hold the ornament for a minute or two, then place the glittered ornament on a sheet of aluminum foil and allow it to dry thoroughly.
Plan some activities.
Run the light cord along one of the tubes (the closest to the end) and tape in place.
Go by yourself.
While opening your gifts, say "thank you" and smile heartily.
Think.
Go to work.
Draw the prize on Easter Sunday.
Listen for hints.
Clean the orange.
Find your location.
If you want a star at the top of your tree, draw a star shape on one of the covers, cut it out, and trace and cut it again on the second cover.
Give him a trip away.
Write your message inside the card.
Start pinning the middle pieces to the wreath.
Select a sugar free bubble gum as an egg treat.
Add in the red eyes and an oval shaped mouth with the help of the red chocolate or cream.
Secure the ribbons to the back of the box.
Fasten clip hangers around bundles of gift bags for simple closet storage.
Scrape the inside of the pumpkin as smoothly and cleanly as possible without puncturing through the flesh of the pumpkin.
Enjoy a spectacular fireworks show at night.
Cover the slow cooker and cook the ham for several hours.
Use coupons.
Prepare the cookies for hanging.
Learn about the history of the potato.
Learn about the holiday.
Attach a few strands of gold or silvery garland to the tree if your children can be trusted to not eat anything they find laying on the floor.
Get some soft toys the baby can play with.
Cut around the Christmas tree and leave the base of the bottle attached.
Enjoy Hangwa.
Add a personal message.
Create a kiwi theme.
Shop at 1 of the local boutiques to find a memorable souvenir of your spring break in Tahoe or to find vacation essentials you forgot to pack.
Use dyed Easter eggs.
Fold in half again.
Do a "Journey of Life' on top of a pretend cake.
Tell your actors NEVER to grab people since this could cause injuries.
Tell her you love her.
Finish up!.
Paint the bottom of the egg with red color.
Choose the colours you want to use.
Introduce yourself to Santa.
Make the mirror a warning.
Make a tray decoration.
Throw a Christmas party or have a Christmas sleepover with your friends!.
Take the eggs out and unwrap them.
Put the gift in the middle evenly.
Assemble the ingredients and supplies.
Pair lentil-stuffed puri with curry to make radha ballavi.
Read scary stories.
Carefully erase the sketch lines and start adding color.
Decorations.
Push the wires into the covered dome.
Get a different color of felt.
Spending time with your family is another way to make the most of your summer.
Offer to pay for a photographic sessions, to lessen the cost of having pictures taken at the hospital (if provided) or at a photography studio by the parents.
Fill candle holders with tapers.
Tidy up around the house so no one falls and gets hurt!.
Weigh the options in terms of budget.
Print.
Wear a poppy on your uniform.
By now it will be time to go to bed.
Add a finishing touch.
Cover your home with creepy surprises.
Consider books.
Unplug the tree and remove any trimmings.
Tuck in the loose end.
Select a flocked tree if you want it to look like it’s dusted with snow.
Hang some tinsel or popcorn-strands on the tree.
Choose books.
Remind yourself of the consequences of drunk driving.
Know thy geek’s specific tastes.
Fry the hot dogs.
Publicize.
Plan a backyard picnic.
Know what you're looking for.
For those folks bad mouthing you while their glass house reveals that one or both of them are married--to someone else, papier-mâché initials painted red either with a craft brooch pin on the back, or a hanger for a tree.
Take day trips to fun locations.
Fill the pot with cactus soil.
Push white painted birch twigs in between the branches of the tree for a beautiful wintry effect.
Use the silver liquid glitter to make a ring around the base of the pumpkin stem.
Just because it’s cold outside, doesn’t mean that you can’t wear pretty heels.
Go to the movies with friends:  This is an awesome past time that is really enjoyable if all goes well.
Bring a Polaroid camera with you to preserve your summer memories.
Consider embellishing the sachet.
Lay out leaves on a cutting or chopping board.
Decorate the cake.
Buy different flavors of candy canes.
Design the inside of your card.
Buy fresh or fake flowers and create a flower arrangement.
Select a theme for your certificate.
Ensure the arrangement was delivered as expected.
Allow the kids to trade their candy with their friends, if they want to.
Welcome Sinterklaas.
Open the card.
Draw your own house in the woods.
Shuffle the soles of your feet against the mat.
Have a good time.
Make sure you have your whole look ready well before the event.
Place the order.
Invest in an origami set.
Glue them to a picture frame.
Put on the finishing touches.
If you have decided to assemble the toy well in advance of the big day, find a suitable hiding place.
Using the template, draw as many stars as you wish to make on the remaining cardstock.
Select or draw a pattern.
Secure the end of the glove to prevent the water or orange juice from flowing out by either knotting the arm opening or securing it with an elastic band or chip clip.
Add a To/From tag.
Inserting the card.
Gather camera, electronics, chargers, etc.
Ask.
Show some brains, literally.
Choose a tree with an appealing shape that fits where you need it.
Find suitable toys.
Have a bobbing-for-apples booth.
Prepare for the eleventh day.
Visit the sporting facilities.
Re-energize yourself and get ready to take on your next goal.
Treat yourself.
Keep repeating these steps, until you are up to the very beginning of the bulb.
Put away the scarecrows and pumpkins and bring on the Holiday stuff...during Thanksgiving weekend, or shortly after, is a perfect time to start decorating for the Holidays...just ease in to it.
Fold the sugar.
Choose a gift that will mean something to the baby and its parents for all time.
Take the rectangular piece according to the width of the egg, and stick it around the egg as shown:.
Have a bacon cooking competition.
Learn some more about the festival event.
Consider a vacation.
Make birds using felt.
Make a list of activities you’d like to do while on vacation.
Go somewhere to watch the sunset if dinner doesn't run too late.
Add wintery paraphernalia around the doorframe.
String lights all over the item.
Cover your work surface with newspapers or plastic sheeting.
Deliver the gift yourself if you are in the area.
Send invitations.
Send it back to its seller.
Pour or squeeze out an amount of glue (about the size of a circle when you touch the tips of your thumb and middle finger together) onto a small piece of scrap aluminum foil.Remove the hanger wire from the stem of the ornament.
Open the door with a smile and the candy bowl ready.
Walk around the tree, and see if it looks well everywhere.
Stay physically active.
Watch some Islamic sessions of Quran recitation and Naats.
Cut the butter into small chunks.
Explain the Seder.
Push the stub wire right through the fruit.
Don't leave this article as you found it but make it better.
Put together care packages for service members overseas.
Open up your web browser and visit a search engine page, such as Bing, Yahoo, Google, or one of the many other major search engines available.
Tie any unneeded extra Christmas lights at the end of the strand with a twist tie or rubber band and let the remainder hang.
Avoid things that could remind you of your mom or the holiday.
Wait.
Have some praise speeches ready for starting off the party.
Go out dancing.
Glue your piece of brown construction paper designed with puffy paint (must wait for puffy paint to DRY COMPLETELY) on the top of the box.
Find a suitable photo and print it off.
Write the address neatly by hand to personalize your card.
Exfoliate.
Don't gift a present, if you don't like somebody.
Paint a scarf around the gourd snowman's neck.
Occasionally check on the children to see if they need help.
Decide on the sequin colors.
Open up the pipe cleaner and slide a bell towards the middle.
Try to keep a positive attitude.
Plan on a long day the following day (Thanksgiving Day).
Stay busy with activities to distract yourself from feeling sad.
Prepare some food.
Buy fresh, green trees instead of trees that are dry and losing pine needles.
Apply hot glue around the mouth of the stemware.
Research the time of winter solstice, as well as the occurrences.
Wear brown clothing if you have any.
Soak your mistletoe sprigs.
Consider getting a job, if you're not going anywhere.
Start with a square piece of paper.
Think in opposites for the Southern Hemisphere.
Give the coupon box to the person you made it for.
Invite your non-Jewish friends.
Turn bacon into desserts and sweets.
Finish the top of the tree.
Party hair.
Acknowledge their feelings.
Go to Gilt’s website.
Cover your eggs in a pot with a liquid if you're not using dry ingredients.
Draw an equilateral triangle.
Keep lucky plants.
Explore your city by riding your bike all around town.
Line up the large flower piece over the card along the thin solid lines.
Whip up a batch of Kheer as a dessert.
Treat yourself to a shopping trip if you want to have some fun.
Do some shopping at one of the New York pop-up markets.
Call 1-877-HI-NORAD if you don't have online access.
Research a bit on your items.
Open out the folded circle ad the paper people circle will be revealed.
Spray window snow in the corners of the window for a frosted affect.
Write a play or movie script.
Remove the mask using soaked cotton rounds.
Wall mounted ironing boards are not only a space saver, but a labor saver for the older generation, especially if they have had to downsize their living space.
Cut a long, narrow strip of paper about 1 centimeter (0.4 in) wide and as long as whatever page you are cutting.
Learn something new.
Take your first long rectangle.
Glue all around the inserted ball.
Score the card horizontally along the lines you just marked.
To have a look at presents that aren't your main ones, open only the bottom and make sure when you place it down you can't see what you opened.
Using the stub wire, wrap it around the middle of the pine cone and feed it through the teeth of the cone.
Aim to try 1 new thing every month.
Decide if you want to give earrings for every-day wear, special occasion or very special occasion.
Wrap the gift.
Start by putting glue around the large rim of one terracotta pot.
When you get home, do some fun Christmas crafts.
Let them hear you.
Make art and crafts with public domain art and patterns.
Use imagery.
Place the pumpkin on display.
When finished, place one in your mouth as needed.
Assemble the snow globe “scene.”  You may want to paint the cardboard disc and then mount (hot glue) trees, snowmen or people to the cardboard base.
Gather up the tissue paper loosely over the gift.
Shape the cookie dough balls into flat ovals or egg shapes.
Check your custody agreement.
Make use of products that already use the concept of luck.
Use accessories that keep you warm.
Dress well.
Give out the gloves.
Grab a big mixing bowl and a mixing spoon.
Make the Chanukiah menorah structure.
Write your final draft of the manga.
Avoid being swept away by the tide.
Get a hobby.
Read pirate books or watch pirate movies.
Enter the card number from the back of the new gift card into the Card Number field and enter the 4 digit pin into the PIN field.
Share a special memory about the couple.
Collect the cards yourself.
Once dried, start drawing the pupil on the eyeballs.
Add a few specimen jars to your home.
Place toothpicks, one in each eye, and stick the other side of the toothpicks on the top of the carved part that is caved into the pumpkin.
Shower with Irish Spring soap.
Know the rules about costumes.
Go to your local hardware store and buy a 10 feet (3.0 m) length of PVC pipe.
Dollop the orange brandy butter into a serving or storage container in advance of the event.
Use te reo names for native birds, plants and trees.
Fold all the flower pieces in half and then open them.
Choose a cheap gift mentioning the place that you are visiting.
Twist the excess pipe cleaner together into a single stem.
Order ahead: This will maximize your lunch hour and minimize your realized wait time!.
Use the Mod Podge as the glue.
Know who your audience will be.
With each of the remaining fat quarters, fold the lower left corner up a little at about a 60° angle.
Book your travel.
Flatten the bottom of the bigger ball so that your snowman stands upright.
Spend a day with your favorite guy friend, boyfriend, father, grandfather, etc.
Place soup and dessert spoons on the right side of the plate.
Head to a store's website and look up the couple's registry if it is an online-only company or there isn't a physical store near you.
Know that your dog has unique dietary needs.
Rinse out the inside of the pepper.
Bake the lasagna.
Apply decoupage glue and water over the eggs to make them last longer.
Make a paper decoration.
Don't copy other gifts, because you're not making it your own.
Get a Hanukkiah.
Talk about Christmas-inspired shows you watch on TV and try to review those shows and movies.
Layer the tissue paper in a fan pattern if you’re using multiple sheets.
Choose a small foam ball from the package and paint it.
Cut 2 cinnamon sticks in half to make the smaller spokes for your snowflake.
Make spiced oranges.
Bake Groundhog Day treats.
Draw a diagonal X on the back side of the card from corner to corner.
Spread fillings on the blini.
Outline the curved shape of the top of your ear into your clay triangle.
Keep it neutral (politically speaking).
Reuse the clay triangle to make a second prosthetic for your other ear.
Acquire a Christmas tree.
Make dots that look like "chocolate chips" with a slightly darker brown pencil or pastel.
On the short ends of the cards, make two small cuts.
Enter a payment method.
Go big with your decorations.
Think like a museum director and draw the bones of a dinosaur.
Draw the body.
Add festive elements.
Allow them to dry on the tray for a couple of days.
Take a strip of fabric and wrap it around the wreath form, so that the ends are in front.
Use white spray paint to create a faux-snow look.
Start a new hobby, or keep up with your old hobbies.
Make vampire pumpkins if you have some extra plastic fangs.
Use fresh flowers.
Tip the cream cheese, yogurt and cream mixture on top of the biscuit base.
If you cannot find a Jibber Jabber toy, use an old mask filled with plastic bags, and taped up.
Repeat - Repeat this at the other end of the box, folding the paper down, the sides and the bottom up.
Decorate Christmas cookies or gingerbread houses to make tasty treats.
Put the item into a box or a tube and then wrap it as usual.
Tuck the pot into the pumpkin.
Iron the interfacing to the wrong side of your main fabric.
Decide whether you'll use trunks or booths.
Repeat the steps to make the bottom of the box.
Consider revising your skin care routine.
Choose a destination that provides at least a few activities that you both (or all) will enjoy.
Add your props.
Keep the decorating simple but effective.
Go to cinema or theater.
Start assembling the tree.
More games to play are the balloon pop.
Scrape ⁄4 in (0.64 cm) of the skin off with a linoleum block cutter.
Measure a length of string or ribbon that is being used for the garland.
Write sentimental notes to your recipient.
Take care of yourself.
Rewrap the gift to look as though it hasn't been opened.
Bake uncovered about 30mins (it should feel firm when you touch it).
Send out invitations.
Stand back and check the proportions.
Tie a string and simply hang them in your tree.
Decorate with chocolate bunnies.
Make coupons.
On the night before Christmas eve, set your alarm clock for 8:00.
Place the gammon in a large bowl of cold water overnight.
Schedule some activities.
Purchase a get well card with a positive message.
Find out if Yom Kippur falls on a weekday.
Cover the tree with the tin foil.
For bottom of box, cut the square 1/4 " smaller than the top.
Thread the string through the hole.
Write a quick message somewhere.
Check for expiration dates.
If using a nail striper: Dip the nail striper brush in the color of your choice.
Wipe down inside with some kitchen roll.
Click the "Gift Card/Bonus Offer Balances" link from about the center of the page.
Starting at the base, fasten the bells to the tip.
Open PayPal.
Find a relaxing spot in your house.
Give out the gifts of Kuumba.
Choose pedestals, if desired.
Prepare a newlyweds coping basket.
Watch the Thanksgiving Day parade or football.
Plan the who, what, when, and where.
Place foods in a hierarchy.
Screw in cup hooks by hand until they are tight in the plugs.
Gently fold the whisked cream into the cheese and cream.
Inserting the gift.
Make sure you're well fed.
Select multiple photos.
Press 4 small branches of blue pine (approximately 25cm or 10" long) horizontally into the base of the foam, parallel with the saucer.
Use in displays or Easter baskets.
Remove the peaches from the can.
Wrap lights around the trunk of a tall tree to light it without a ladder.
Ask around.
Be ready for new opportunities.
Look through receipts.
Glue the CD pieces to the pumpkin.
Volunteer in your community to help others in need.
Take the pointy end on the left, and loop it towards you without making any turns.
Plan a small outing for your grandparent.
Drop off cookies to a local fire station or hospital.
Get out your Easter Basket.
Break the chocolate into pieces.
Use electronics.
Bring chocolate to work with you.
Sprinkle glitter over the pumpkin for a shimmery look.
Use as required.
Go to the pool or to a lake to swim and hang out with friends.
Tie bells around the ribbons.
Add mini evergreens along the steps for a fresh look.
Set out whole, uncarved pumpkins on your front stoop.
Purchase an inexpensive kiddie pool or slip and slide.
Cut up the fruit and place in separate bowls.
Go for a post-dinner walk or hike.
Try sending a personal letter addressed to Santa.
Spend time with your family.
Learn a new language: The world is your oyster when you know how to speak other languages.
Hand them the candy yourself to make sure they only get 1-2 pieces.
Find out whether this is necessary.
Practice deep breathing.
Get a tree for your students to decorate.
Set up an account with the gift card issuer.
Slip the plastic bag covered scanner and battery into place.
Enjoy Christmas with your family and remember the real reason Christmas is around.
Make a sugar syrup.
Line your upper lashline with liquid liner and wing outward.
Serve the turkey crown.
Find your branch.
Write your resolutions.
Draw an equilateral triangle on each middle part.
Program your show.
Explore nature while visiting the South Lake Tahoe area during your spring break adventure.
Set the bowl out for the trick or treaters.
Start new traditions.
Gather information about the person and their birthday.
Combine the red and yellow food coloring together in a very small dish or bowl until you get an orange color.
Let it dry.
Take an interest in photography.
Consider allocating a morning or afternoon for shopping and get all the gifts you can.
Send thank you notes after the party.
Type in your 16-digit gift card code (which you can find on the paper printout or, if you received the gift card by email, in the email message) in the box labeled “Enter your redeem code.” Click “Apply Now.” Your gift card balance will now be applied to your account credit, and can be used for any order accepting “Direct Checkout” as a payment option.
Slide your finger into the flap to open it, then flatten it against the square.
Remove the chicken strips from the marinade, shaking off any excess and toss in the whizzed up plain Bitesize Shredded Wheat.
Take in the sights along the way.
Ease into your vacation.
Decorate your tree with drawings and accessories.
Choose a theme to help guide your decorating and projects.
Lose yourself in a world of imagination; a New York spring break would not be complete without a visit to the theater.
Allow them to cure and harden for a day or two.
Decorate the wooden block.
Compare the predictions to your actual life events.
Squirt some whipped cream on the top (optional).
Don't overdo your look.
Consider these gift ideas: CDs,video games, something they collect, an autographed item, such as a book, a CD, a t-shirt.
Brainstorm and make a list of your options with their approximate cost.
Be thoughtful.
Fill Easter egg containers and Easter baskets with healthy treats.
Adopt an eco-friendly, sustainable lifestyle.
Learn the techniques in ice skating.
Spray paint your magazine.
Lay 3 or 4 overlapping sheets of tissue paper on a flat surface.
Have fun!.
Click on the drop down box for Custom pattern thumb.
Check your yearly credit score before the holidays.
Plan a Long-Expected Party with fellow hobbit fans!.
Place the card in the window, with the tape side towards the window.
To help you along with your party decorating ideas, see if you or family and friends have any old and unwanted dining set or odd plates, cutlery and wine glasses.
Personalize the gift in some way if possible.
Create something for the couple.
Increase the amount you exercise before the holidays.
Make and set goals as a family.
Make a fresh cut in the trunk of at least 1".
Pack your toiletries.
Organize the court and cotillion.
Keep a dream journal.
Glue the cutouts to form enclosed pyramids.
Frame an ornament.
Put the wreath onto the dried ping pong balls.
You can give plants in pots as a present.
Preheat oven to 170ºC/150ºC fan forced.
Bend the pipe cleaner into a hook so that you can hang it.
Be frivolously juvenile again.
Repeat the previous step on the opposite side of the card.
Have the honoree identify the gift by feeling of it.
Give a gift card or certificate to your scrapbooker.
Recycle your tree.
Put the tamales in a pot with water to cover.
Put up outdoor holiday lights.
Read the Qur'an.
Fold the foil in half widthwise.
Shape the cake.
Purchase entry coupons for local zoos, water parks, movies etc.
Blu-tack a long straight piece of tinsel onto the top of the window, and again at the bottom.
Throw a themed party to celebrate your common interests.
Pamper yourself.
Turn on some Christmas holiday music.
Print the images onto cardstock.
Wear white throughout Yom Kippur as a symbol of purity.
Once you have your books in place, buy a nice basket.
Consider the occasion.
Cool the cakes on a wire rack.
Take pictures to remember the day.
Make your dinner before Thanksgiving day.
Repeat the last step with the rest of your units, and you're done!.
Cut each gummy raspberry candy into two thin slices.
Open the paper back up, then fold it in half vertically and then horizontally.
Combine the flour, baking powder, salt, and nutmeg.
Provide sparklers for everyone.
Attend or get involved in local parades.
Click the Account menu.
Wrap around the middle of a cone and twist the wires together, leaving two prongs sticking out of the cone.
Consider the origin of the tree.
Roll it around in dry sand for 20 secs.
Look at their interests.
Place the photo face down on a baking sheet lined with brown paper.
Educate yourself about endangered fish species.
Put glue around the candles.
Get over the "impersonality" of vouchers.
Add demon eyes.
Make her dinner or take her out to eat.
Add the main material.
Listen to music and dance.
Paint portraits of each other in watercolor.
Take a breather.
Go digital with your cards.
Explain how the arts are incorporated into the Kwanzaa festivities.
Consult with the person beforehand for guidance.
Refuse, reduce, reuse, and recycle.
Create fake blood.
Enter the party the minute the gates open.
Make te reo welcome at your school,  work place and in your community.
Invest in a 'Build n' Wrap' gift frame and put it together.
Be tough on alcohol consumption.
If you're unsure what sexy halloween look to go for, here are some suggestions:.
Start a murder mystery.
Use an automatic timer or shut off your lights when you sleep.
Make other chains.
Create invitations!.
After cutting, lift it up and set it so it's steady.
Glue the mini cinnamon sticks between each of the larger spokes the snowflake.
Update dad's software or hardware.
Insert the tool in the socket and send one or more pulses as instructed.
Listen or read some past or present speeches given.
Write a return address on the envelope.
Do a ritual for the uniting of the Lord and Lady.
Try some autumn scents.
Try your best to get to sleep.
Wrap candles for an instant centerpiece.
Some of the furniture may need to be moved out just to create extra space.
Make DNA sequence bracelets!.
Dye white flowers, like carnations, green for a St. Patrick's Day centerpiece.
Tie the ribbon in a knot around the middle of the bunch to hold it tightly.
Ball up pieces of construction paper for eyes.
Start off with a spring cleaning.
Keep gift cards in an easily noticeable place.
Turn the base over.
Know your mother's finger size.
Skip giving out gifts to others.
Design personalized pillow cases for your teen.
Finished.
Pack everything needed into an old-fashioned picnic basket.
Make noise to get your dog to look toward you.
Wrap the exposed end of the pipe cleaner around your finger to make it twist up behind the turkey’s head.
Make a small hole in the top of the image, either by using a skewer or a punch.
Make a gag sweater out of a mirror, Santa hat, and beard.
Fill the container three quarters of the way full with the wet soil.
Decide on the vibe that you want.
A retractable clothes drying line is another idea that many people never think about.
Create a chimney hole to release the heat from the inside for either style of pumpkin.
Drinks.
Cut the card apart and keep the bottom half for the bottom of your box.
Makeup: The summer makeup style is light and cute.
Give the recipient their present.
Replace back any furniture that may have been sitting in the place where the tree once sat.
Attend an Eid prayer.
Answer all questions, "42.".
Line your trunk for a sleeker look.
Choose your Halloween vacation days wisely.
Cut 8 stub wires in half and bend them into hairpins.
Do your face.
Place the plain paper on the metal star.
Help others.
Cook dinner together.
Insert the replacement bulb into the old bulb's socket.
Cover the knotted part of the bauble strings with a large ribbon bow.
Add decorative tissue paper.
Cover with glitter paint.
Usually, before Santa comes, the bottom of the tree looks pretty empty, so consider putting a beautiful large cloth at the bottom (usually a dark colour with Christmas images), or wrap up empty boxes neatly to make it look filled.
Wear a striped hat like the Cat in the Hat.
Evaluate after some time if you enjoy or are satisfied with your hobby.
Ward off bad luck.
Decorate a plain wreath.
Plan for delays, if the post office is a tiny hamlet post office.
Give of yourself.
Create a spiderweb wreath for a creepy Halloween decoration.
Organize a fun outing or day trip to get a change of scene.
Separate the flower part from the stem.
Camp in a nearby park or campground to connect with the outdoors.
Situate the gift inside the bag.
Use candles.
Clean and prepare stemware.
Recruit helpers for setup, clean-up, and to keep an eye on things.
Appoint a gift attendant.
Give and receive presents.
Open the gift carefully.
Watch public domain Christmas movies.
Fill and decorate a gift basket.
Hang some Disney-inspired ornaments on the tree.
Place the tree at the child's height at first.
Give a nice bottle of wine.
Use cardboard to make chicks.
Talk to New Yorkers or tourists.
Get a dreidel.
Put a gummy worm at the bottom of the glass (for the snake).
Transfer the unit to a flat baking tray.
Cosplay with your loved one.
Insert the ping pong balls into the cut lines.
Plan a movie marathon.
Leave a note for the Easter Bunny.
Cuddle up in-front of a toast fire in the cold winter months in a beautiful log cabin.
Find out what the recipient likes as a gift.
Consider therapy to improve coping with these feelings.
Thank your guests.
Take care of your children.
Flirt with several guys.
Create an ombre tiered necklace.
Drink responsibly.
Check, test, and assemble the toy.
Line up one of the remaining smaller pieces along the thin solid line.
Plan a facial.
Draw dots onto the egg using a white crayon.
Decorate with natural branches and evergreen.
Try out a sturdier heel.
Search in advance for movies, concerts, or other events.
Add another bead, a round one, for the head.
Flip the box over and weave the short  ribbons through the first set of ribbons.
Select All (Control+A) and Copy to clipboard ( \Edit\Copy ).
Read a poem to commemorate fallen soldiers.
Consider gift cards that offer card exchange programs.
Tape the end of each leg to the ceiling.
Take a shower or a bath or have a good wash. Wash your hair too, if you like.
Add the beads to the Christmas tree.
Gather the necessary materials.
Refrain from doing work so you can devote your day to prayer.
Get a Makeover:  The holidays are the best time to change your look.
In the event of black and white images, have your child color the pictures in carefully.
Tie 30cm (12") lengths of cinnamon into bundles of three with cord, feeding it in between the sticks and around a couple of times to secure the bundle.
Cut some aluminum foil into a 2-inch (5.08-centimeter) wide strip.
Decorate your snowflake how you like it.
Consider buying gifts at the duty free shop on departure if you are traveling to a different country.
Set the egg down onto an egg holder.
Consider changing the way you give presents.
Determine what items are in the kitchen.
Tie a ribbon or make a mark on the suitcase with your initials to be sure that it's yours.
Embroider the sock.
Scoop out the pumpkin, then start carving.
Find them a pet inspired art print.
Thread your buttons onto the pipe cleaner, starting with the largest.
Update your resume so you’re ready for new opportunities.
Celebrate minority groups to show solidarity and strength.
Sell stuff you got from your ex.
Expand your crafting techniques.
Cut each of the pipe cleaners in half.
Decorate the door to your classroom.
Inform yourself as to their interests, hobbies, and style.
Don't go to a house twice.
Read one of Adams' books.
Take advantage of nearby playgrounds and parks.
Make the legs by overlapping ovals on the body in the same way as the hands.
Make a personalized sharpie coffee mug for a unique gift.
Grow an edible garden.
Make pie!.
Don't get your hopes up too high.
Draw lines with a marker on the duct tape.
Bring along some soda.
Smear a cheap shower curtain with red paint.
Make a post on social media.
Cut out a piece of the hanging cord.
If she likes the present, but is "not that into you" remain friends.
Make the snowflake.
Cut out the person.
Spray a lemon juice solution on the exposed skin to help preserve it.
Draw some round, brown circles on a piece of paper.
Glue the mittens to the sides of the pinecone.
Choose a craft suitable for the age group and related to Easter.
Plan for your costume to be part of your trunk’s theme.
Create a story.
Baste the ham occasionally, and add a little more cooking wine if and when necessary to keep the pan from drying.
Put the spaghetti in a pot.
Hold a neighborhood board watch meeting.
Give to a local shelter to help in your community.
Fill the squash with about three-fourths full with soil.
Red side down, fold the corner across to the halfway point of the edge.
Decorate the egg shells with food dye or paint.
Add marshmallows to the butter and melt.
Choose the rock you want to start with.
Attend a parade.
Add your other ingredients.
Use Saran wrap and cover both bowls.
Choose colorful edible items to dye your eggs.
Select a payment option under “Sending From.” You may have to scroll down to see it.
Carve a face into a pumpkin.
Encourage each family member to do the same.
Display proudly.
You should start to see sprouts in about 10 days.
Paint the rest of the gourd white.
Prepare the batter.
Place the tree in a pot for a more "authentic" Christmas tree look.
Create message.
When the eggs are ready, cool them down.
Stick the tape pieces in place.
Merry Christmas!.
Put in the ice cream you desire (more scoops = thicker).
If your dad is a reader, check out techie books.
Fold the ends in along the scored curves to hold the gift in place and finish the pouch.
Bring along some Colgate Wisps, there great for fresh breath on the go.
Try meditation.
Place large plates with smaller plates on top at each plate, and add soup bowls.
Write down your goals, dreams, and hopes.
Use a tablespoon to transfer the chocolate-coated cornflakes into the paper cases.
Wrap the gift in a layer of tissue paper before putting it in the bag, if needed.
Hold a Ferris wheel party.
Have good food.
Learn about the nutrition benefits of the potato.
Repeat the creases all around the flat end.
Fold the top of each icicle over the string.
Surprise her with some breakfast in bed.
Report cash giving.
Choose a blank wall on the front of your home.
Clean the pumpkin.
Learn cursive.
Think about what you want the gift to do for the new baby and his or her parent(s).
Add food.
Use a blue glitter polish on the top half of your nail.
Take a bottle of strawberry sauce and place a finger over half of the opening so that you get a dripping effect.
Determine your lead front cover line.
Avoid holiday plant ingestion.
Buy a Christmas costume!.
Turn the winter scene (that was mounted on the cardboard disc) upside down on top of the stemware mouth.
Use your new Santa to decorate a tree or as a decorative item anywhere in your home.
Hang icicles and snowflakes on a few of the branches, spreading them evenly around the entire tree.
Help your children choose age-appropriate gifts, based on the kids’ age.
Play holiday movies for a cheap, continuous form of entertainment.
Hang seasonal ornaments from the garland, such as fake flowers and baubles.
Wrap the actual console in protective wrapping such as bubble wrap.
Lightly cover the container with white cheesecloth (white gauze, a flour sack towel, etc.).
Trick or treat in a familiar neighborhood.
Cut the wire.
Set out hay bales for a fall themed yard.
Transfer the ham to an oven-safe platter and preheat the broiler.
Remove the top off each chocolate egg with great care.
Drape a large ribbon over your mantle to hang cards off it.
Eat a full meal before attending a holiday event or party.
Make your photo 3 times larger than what you want the magnet to be.
Buy the items you'd like from the wedding wish list at the store or online.
Make the dye.
Gather the materials needed to make this ornament.
Try to limit the lineup to three films, no more than four.
Remember that there may be a good duty free shop at you departure point.
Use store-bought stamps if you are short on time.
Hunt down plastic jack-o-lanterns--either in your storage area or at your local drugstore.
Draw with paint pens if you want to add pattern and design.
Use the chain as a paper necklace.
Track your Visa gift card's remaining balance by calling the phone number or visiting the website listed on the back of the card.
To decorate, place half a mini tomato on one end of the chicken finger to imitate a red fingernail.
Carve the pumpkin.
Address the tag.
Finish decorating.
Decide on your budget; this will help to narrow your choice from the overwhelming to the manageable.
Leave early so you can get there early and without rushing.
Next, make a knot about 2 inches (5cm) from the cookie cutter.
Divide each outer side into thirds.
Watch the book lover's smile as they receive their favourite gift.
Reflect this month on yourself.
Make a gift instead of buying one.
Open Weavesilk in your browser.
Prepare la ultima muñeca.
Use wheat-free bread when creating the stuffing.
Cut from the bottom up.
Make a list of at least 5 things you love about winter.
Use 1 of the shorter strips to make a handle.
Have fun with whatever you do, even it it's off the beaten track.
Rinse the eggs with cool water, then crack the shells.
Buy your flight early.
Examine the box.
Try “Gut Yontiff” for a well-known Yiddish greeting.
Make Easter wreaths.
Dunk the cookie dough eggs in the chocolate coating.
Find a suitable container.
Utilize all your space.
Place another layer of pudding.
Draw some stars onto the silver paper.
Reserve well ahead or miss out.
Place in the refrigerator to set.
Allot time.
Chose a theme and decorations.
Do something nice for another person.
Hang the bulb in an airy spot, allow some time to completely dry.
Cut a square out of the front of the card.
Use a whisk broom or outdoor approved vacuum.
Take the elderly recipient to a swimwear store.
Think back on your memories together.
Place the construction paper stovepipe on top of the desk.
Spend more time planning.
Buy travel insurance for the vacation part of your trip.
Cut some small squares of double sticky plastic, and peel it.
Prepare small bags of healthy snacks.
Hold a jack-o'-lantern smashing party.
Braid your hair for an easy romantic style.
Pay for a stranger's meal.
Set up your workstation.
Buy an advent calendar so you can count down the days and have a tiny bit of chocolate each day!.
Create a scene from a classic Christmas movie out of felt and hot glue.
Use lace!.
Put 11 of the halves together in a bunch.
Get into your pajamas and brush your teeth.
Take care of your body too!.
Cut out the body, cut 2 pieces.
Place a teaspoon into each muffin pan hole.
See a movie with family/friends.
Do not under or over dress.
Paint the face of Santa by using oil paints or water colors.
Make a list of what you want about a month before your birthday.
Dye the eggs with food coloring for a pretty spring decoration.
Understand what the summer solstice is.
Without touching the angle on the saw, cut two matching pieces for the short sides.
Purchase small items from the registry.
Get a job:  If you are old enough, of course.
Attach the battery to the scanner.
Be generous with your giving of presents.
Personalize your choice.
Have a party.
Make special coupons for household help or hugs.
Have a game night with a few close loved ones.
Continue matching the even lights to the top of your hand and the odd lights at the bottom.
Use the space in front of your trunk as part of your decorating, if desired.
Glue 2 cinnamon sticks together to form a cross.
Give a prepackaged treat.
Put out a few ornamental pumpkins and a few scarecrows for Halloween.
Place the white chocolate and shredded coconut into a bowl.
Wrap up some personal hygiene products for the person who never bathes or who breathes down your neck lasciviously even though this person knows you're taken.
Make a list of things that you need to complete your project.
Add the cherries and stir through.
Create a "make your own monster kit" for a kid.
Member earn points or tokens usually be shopping on the site.
Boost your confidence with lucky charms.
Tape the star shapes onto the tree and tape both tops together.
Use the same method to hang more items on the inside lengths of the fence that face into your yard.
Ensure outdoor lights are working.
Purchase souvenir collectibles such as thimbles or T-spoons if you are giving gifts to collectors.
Jewellery: Jewellery is super cute for summer.
Get chocolate.
Buy or find scraps of gingham fabric.
Cover the locker with wrapping paper!.
Spray a bunch of whipped cream in a bowl.
Make a list of your inner harvest.
Add a touch of humor if the bride and groom will appreciate that.
Seek the tree only if there is time and it doesn't cause too many challenges or stress.
Determine the type of tree you wish to use.
Help 'Make a Wish'.
Mix everything together.
Place a stencil over the pumpkin if you want to paint an intricate design.
Start a puzzle.
Purchase a massage for your runner.
Pour one cup of sugar at a time into the bowl, but mix by hand, not electric mixer, after each sugar cup.
Try giving your dog some bread.
Buy presents throughout the year to save the end of year rush or lay by big items.
When in doubt, cover up.
Make paper snowflakes.
On the back add funny sayings and other finishing touches.
Buy books for your bookworm boyfriend.
Slip zip ties through 2 jingle bells and tape them onto the toe area.
Take your significant other to a jazz club if they enjoy live-music.
Get a customizable dog bowl.
Remove broken sockets.
Seat your non-Jewish guests next to someone who can guide them through the Seder, and explain what's going on.
Be realistic about your charm’s powers.
Take the fog machine and lay it on the floor/ground.
Skip anything illegal.
Pick a tree with hook-in branches if you’d like a cheaper tree.
Set the aperture to a low setting according to the light.
Use the tree for kindling.
Hold your baby securely while in the water.
Slide the boxes under your bed if you don’t have any closet space free.
String the Christmas angel or star (tree-topper) at the top of the tree.
Pencil in some lazy days for yourself.
Make a lot so that your friends locker is almost completely covered.
Spend your time, energy and money on the decorations as the treat.
Water the succulents when the soil is dry.
Do your best to avoid the crowds.
Decorate ornaments for a crafty activity.
Hard boil some eggs.
Start the Passover service.
Tape and fill the dummy with newspaper or pillow filling.
Look around in baby stores to see what's popular if you don't have a practical gift in mind.
Take a battlefield tour if you are in or can go to Australia or Europe.
Find a silk tie.
Log into your account.
Buy printable transfer paper at a craft store or online.
Observe Tashlikh (Hebrew: "casting off"), which is the process of going to a flowing body of water and emptying your pockets into the body of water.
Buy a medium-sized wreath form from the craft store.
Select a tree that is healthy and recently cut.
Sprinkle a thin layer of soil over the grass seed, covering the seeds no more than ⁄4 inch (0.6 cm).
Consider a gift card.
Support your local sports team by going to baseball games.
Allow the paper to dry fully after staining before you use it to make the invitations.
Make a crafty basket.
Fill a piping bag with the melted chocolate.
Go out and get the store bought gifts.
Be prepared for the worst.
If you have a long flight, put in a neck pillow and an eye mask.
Memorize surahs.
Avoid lingering at any Halloween parties, haunted houses, or special events.
Cut the image out.
Tie a ribbon around the present to hold the wrapping paper in place.
Dress nicely when you ask her.
Once you've got all your items set up, go through your list.
Enter the card information on the Payment Method page to check out.
Realize that Yom Kippur begins at sundown the night before and ends after sundown the next day.
Volunteer your time.
Glue the mini wreath on top of the larger wreath, right in the middle.
State the obvious.
Place either white or green wrapping paper onto your chosen table.
Look at the shapes left inside the chocolate box.
Attach these "ornaments" to the tree, with the help of the children.
If you're using a specific design, draw this onto the egg as a guide.
To make the potato eyes, top each potato with half a cherry tomato topped and an olive slice.
Remove the tree-topper from the tree.
Finish carving your pumpkin.
Add the gin, Cointreau, lemon juice, sugar, and egg white.
Tidy up the Jack O' Lantern's top knot.
Purchase an inexpensive projector.
Cut, with scissors, a basic mummy shape.
Say “Gool Peran Lowen” as a greeting.
Close your eyes while wishing.
Keep playing until someone wins by collecting all the tokens.
Go in a group with two or more friends.
Learn about the importance of an egg from a nutritional point of view.
Ask them to tell you about how they met.
Take the pointy end and turning it towards yourself, push through the square.
Lightly spray the top of the egg.
Deal with the aftermath: post-present depression.
Prepare the beads for the Christmas tree.
Explain that bright and colorful fabrics are used throughout the week.
Remove a bulb in or close to the section that won’t light.
Play video games.
Articulate the events that matter to you.
To gain height, you can put a 10 feet (3.0 m) 1/2" metal conduit a foot inside a 10 feet (3.0 m) 3/4" metal conduit.
Cut vertically from knee to ankle to remove the taped sock.
Don't forget the card!.
Print the card.
Cover both rice and dates with water.
Ask your friends for help, if you want it.
Sketch the back paws.
Attend a craft demonstration in your area.
Cover the top and sides of your diorama with a large piece of construction paper, if you have many pieces of thread poking through the top.
Find chocolate accessories.
Donate your gift card.
Host a dinner at your home for close friends and family.
Consider your date’s interests and hobbies.
Hang the pipe cleaner snowflakes up from the ceiling, a Christmas tree, the door, on windows or wherever else you'd like them to be.
Make a list of decorations and props.
If you’re going to fake it, do it well.
Cut out the bar codes from the copy.
Consider using other types of lights.
Pat the eggs dry with a towel.
Fix the ends of the bow.
Place the tissue-wrapped clothing into the gift bag.
Recycle cards by cutting them apart and turning them into new cards.
Put the "guts" in a punch bowl.
Be aware of what's not considered safe this season.
Be an eternal optimist.
Assess the tree by looking at it.
Take classes.
Gather all your necessary Christmas cards along with a roll of tape.
Place a matching piece of Christmas craft paper directly across from each other.
Click the Add a New Gift Card link from the area just above the label to the section that contains any other gift cards that might have been added to your account in the past that you might have forgotten were in there already.
Choose a venue.
Don’t leave potentially hazardous presents under the tree.
Be quiet.
Give large gifts to one another on Three Kings’ Day.
Make your own creatures, if you prefer.
Buy toys and games.
Realise there are three types of aging.
Get lost in the spirit.
Prepare the muffin pan.
Allow your children to collect things that can be used as ornaments that can be hung on their tree.
Put together a “Things I love About You” Book.
Take a one-time partner dance class.
Top your tree with a Mickey "ears" hat or other Disney-inspired stuffed animal.
Give them a treat to eat and smash.
Wear your poppy on a sweater or any other woolen or loosely woven fabric top by just poking the plastic stem through the fabric.
Make, fix or replace.
Make a fireworks plan.
Apply primer to the box before you paint it.
Request that the giver take the dog back.
Get the recipient's name, address and phone number.
Add vanilla vodka and amaretto liqueur for an eggnog martini.
Use crayons before you dye the egg if you want to keep white spaces.
Find plastic fish, mammals or humans to use in your diorama.
Cut a piece of string about twice the length of your finger.
Done.
Eat nutritious foods throughout the day.
Add 2 cloves to the top of each of the mini spokes.
First, carve open the pumpkin and take all the seeds out.
Make plans for getting around town.
Plan a few festive activities for your guests to enjoy.
Clear the area where you are planning to place the tree.
Apply a base coat to all your nails.
Unplug the strand from the electrical source temporarily, while you hang the rest of the strand or strands.
Vote for public officials who will help protect the ocean.
Hide somewhere in the living room that is a secure hiding place.
Set the box on of the ribbons around.
Improve your knowledge base.
Squeeze the tissue paper just below the shirt.
Dye the eggs.
Turn a black pumpkin into a bat for a spooky twist.
Create a template for the fabric that will cover the ornament.
Dress up in a child-friendly costume.
Use sugar-free chocolate for making chocolate eggs and molded figures.
Give everyone the "tools" they need.
Use washi tape to add colorful accents to the eggshells.
Make plans with your parents and family members.
Start a journal or get a pen pal.
Cut the tree into smaller sections.
Pinch the middle of the tissue paper and wave it gently through the air.
Rate your Boli.
Make cobwebs (as seen in the corners) with cotton balls.
Use a Santa letter writing service.
Purchase a tree base.
Get 2 pieces of paper that are 2 different colors.
Dip the peep into the melted chocolate, holding it by the stick.
Pour streaks of pink paint down the sides of the pumpkin for a drip effect.
Hang Easter cards on your refrigerator.
Take food in reusable containers.
Take an ice-rafting adventure.
Form a candy gang.
Before writing out your  final list, write down everything that you want.
Dress your baby up in a cute outfit.
Assemble your ingredients.
Visit memorial sites in your area.
Give your fiance food.
If you get confused, ask another geek’s opinion.
Check out the pub scene.
Try a bun to accentuate your face.
Fill the glasses close to the rim with the orange pudding.