Maintain your independence.
Help out with general house chores and maintenance.
Deal with bugs responsibly.
Point out changes in his behavior.
Create a name, slogan, and any other necessary things of the like.
Ask others how their day went.
Listen to music while you do the chore.
Ask the person to a dance or school event.
Clear pores by steaming or using pore strips.
Avoid being affectionate if you date guys.
Color.
Get involved in sports or school activities.
Avoid trying to take over the party and keep things cool.
Nurture your mutual independence so he doesn’t feel restricted.
Apply a facial mask of either clay or honey.
Have a healthy social life.
Don’t make any rash decisions if the conversation doesn’t go your way.
Observe everyone else.
Realize you don't  have to fit in.
try to look your best on the first day!.
Lean forward on your chair, so that your torso is on the table and your butt is puckered out (your butt cheeks will be split so the fart won't be able to flap between them).
Make time for all you want to do by planning ahead.
Go to a department or specialty store such as Walmart, Target (USA), Matalan; or Staples (UK); or Big W (Australia); or OfficeWorks (Australia).
Go to law enforcement if the situation ever escalates to physical violence.
Leave him.
Ask with a pizza for a cheesy promposal.
Don't gossip.
Check headphone policies.
Utilize antivirus software.
Stay curious and open-minded.
Start dating again when you feel ready.
Join new activities.
Be sure you're not being arrogant--this has nothing to do with being intelligent, and all too much to do with being rude and conceited.
Make sure your breath smells good, always carry a mint around.
Consider using cover-up.
Don't worry too much about the way other people see you.
Inspect the bags you like for quality and durability.
Pack so you have something to eat in a Food Emergency situation: If you are rushing to catch the bus and you forget to grab your lunch, no worries, you can eat something from the status you keep, for example a few granola bars, in your locker.
The Night Before.
Fight back.
Have no mercy.
Smile when he is upset about you not liking him.
Share a deep thought.
Play interactive games.
Do up-downs.
Refrain from relying on technology.
Keep conversations light.
Take an interest in your parents' lives.
Give her the tools to succeed.
Keeping score is a big part of this game.
Make sure your budgets align before you agree to travel together.
Decide on what you want to get.
Continue with your new obsession, just like them.
Get a paper route if you’re available to make deliveries every day.
If you do something bad and do not want to get punished try running into a room that's messy (make sure it has a lock) and clean it up.
Deal with school life.
Focus on making a connection, not on finding love.
People may confuse you to be Emo but that's okay just correct them.
Open your iPhone’s Settings.
Look down and flutter your eyelashes a little.
Visit the florists.
Before you even say a word, think long and hard about why you don't want to date him/her.
Focus on studying and getting good grades.
Teach your students to use emotion words to express how they feel.
Save as much of the money you make as you can.
Lean in and kiss him on the cheek or lips when the time is right and quickly pull away and walk away, leaving him wanting more!.
Bring in a tablet or laptop and watch films.
Buy a backpack.
Pick your menu!.
Try to pick a time when the other person isn’t busy, stressed, or tired.
Get to know his friends.
Buy or make pizza dough and buy loads of different toppings ahead of time so that your guests can have a pizza party!.
Spend time with others and with yourself.
Remember that if you sacrifice one thing for them, they will sacrifice another million for you.
Get all your accounts sorted.
Learn to be calm.
RESEARCH!.
Wear breezy and quaint clothes.
Go offline.
Talk with them about major decisions.
Create a new word document.
Get support from friends and family.
Answer the acceptable comment - which are expressing a criticism -, politely.
Enjoy getting to know him.
Dress in proper attire.
Join in after-school activities or school sports clubs to meet more people and to get to know classmates better.
Adopt a goth attitude.
Choose accessories that accent your outfit and gown.
Do not neglect new assignments.
Get the items/technology you will want to use during this process.
Write a letter or note to give to her if you’re too nervous to ask in person.
Do not be afraid to say "No".
Throw in a water bottle and a snack if you need it.
Don't hang out with people who get you into trouble.
Put your head in her lap.
Focus on yourself and your other interests.
Ask your older brother or boy cousin to give you a preview of some of his "boyish" songs.
Go to shows!.
Begin playing him.
Talk to him/her regularly.
Be creative and resourceful.
Carry extra clothing if needed.
Explain the research you've done.
Get to know everything, before the first day.
Respect the "no.".
Go up and say hi, and tell them you want to talk.
Locate useful organizations and resources for support.
Figure out how much you're going to charge for each bracelet.
Check if you see him nearby all of a sudden.
Notice if she compliments you.
Let your doctor examine you to rule out anything serious.
Hang out with people who are low drama and gossip free.
Try to be retro and vintage over all.
Behave politely with everyone you meet.
Have a fun and unique vibe!.
Be respectful, smile, and do something that will get you noticed.
Start a small conversation one day in the hallway.
Seek social support, but don't trust anyone completely.
Put on fresh clean pajamas and crawl into bed for a nap, you're probably exhausted!.
During your first class, don't be afraid to raise your hand if you know an answer and ask questions if you need to.
Introduce yourself to people you don't know.
Get separate binders for each of your subjects.
Find someone to talk to about the teasing.
Stand your ground so you don’t fall down.
Don't associate with people who swear all the time, drink/do drugs, have dirty minds, etc.
Explore your interests through different activities.
Encourage your peers to repeat the collective study effort.
Set up a bed for your child's friend/friends.
Make study guides.
Check your local newspaper's metro section for social events in your area.
Get a distance.
Question whether dating is worth the stress of keeping a big secret.
Be motivated.
Remember that this isn't permanent.
Assemble a reunion committee.
Make friendship bracelets.
Examine how he deals with conflict.
Quietly get your teacher's attention.
Clear up the messy hooks.
Make your safety and happiness the number one priority.
Buy a tournament size chess set for home use.
Leave a note.
Negotiate for your parents to pay you for extra chores.
Try using air purifiers.
Dividing the binders: For the one binder per class approach, merely get any kind of divider you please and divide sections for note, homework, classwork, etc.
Talk to a good listener.
Try to get your appointment scheduled during the winter if you frequently have snow in your area.
Be clear about your decision, but do not be bluntly honest about the reason.
Hire a DJ.
Just greet him and introduce yourself, but remember to be enthusiastic and very friendly towards him.
Grab your favorite sleep companion.
Take a class to meet like minded people.
Pay attention to general behavior.
Relax and take a breath if you get nervous.
Figure out the social dynamics of a public school near you.
Wake up a little bit early the first day.
Pretend you need to go to the bathroom.
Ask them about their needs.
Work at a fast food restaurant.
Tell a trusted supervisor if the behavior continues.
Take your time during the session.
Play hard-to-get if you're sure he likes you, but are nervous about asking you out.
Pack the bag for any Medical emergencies: If you don't have any medical problems then forget this step, unless you want to bring a first aid kit.
Don’t use drugs.
Find out if there are requirements for joining.
Be polite and respect others.
Tell the kids that they can be thrown out of a game for some time if they fail to comply with your rules.
Remember that it's okay if you're not interested in boys or girls right now.
See if you like the things they do.
Avoid negative people.
Do not brag or act superior.
Get the ball rolling.
Show a sense of humor.
Prioritize.
Take isotretinoin for more severe acne.
Focus.
Choose swimsuits carefully.
Join the school’s anti-violence program.
Rub fading creams onto the scar to help reduce their appearance.
Get your book bag and any other supplies ready.
Look after your skin.
Note excessive time spent in the car.
Talk about your partner’s strengths before the introduction.
Make a good impression.
Moisturize with argan oil.
Know that you do not deserve to be hit.
Work on your talents.
Establish a routine.
Don't be trashy!.
Try to change the finish on it.
Pay attention to see if he expresses interest in things that you like.
Make revenue.
Pick out comfortable and stylish shoes.
Make your drink fun.
Play mind games.
Invites.
Look for adult programs in your area.
Ask them follow up questions.
Find poses that are natural for you.
Do nice things for your sibling.
Offer to edit photos for people.
Abandon your old account and never use both at the same time pretending to be two different people.
Tell them that you like them.
Manage stress.
Follow up.
Keep conversations light and casual.
Tell your doctor if your period has stopped, if you're a female.
Play games like Minecraft and Kongregate if playing computer games.
Dance it out!!!.
Figure out if your parent is a night or morning person.
Create a time schedule for when you should be getting on/off the bus, and when you should arrive home.
Open doors very slowly to avoid making noise.
Send him a cute card on Valentine's Day.
Report them.
Inform school administrators of what you are doing.
Go old-school.
Discuss with your parents what you're allowed to wear.
Count up how much money you spent, and then talk and go through your favorite parts of the weekend!.
Smell good and pleasant.
Avoid wearing earplugs or earbuds.
See a relationship counselor if your relationship needs help.
Eat it raw.
Write down a brief 3-4 page of hardship letter showing that which kind of hardship you are actually suffering from which has led your income loss.
Decide if you are both willing to put in effort.
Decide what you can and can't afford.
Consider your sister’s point of view.
Get on better terms with your siblings.
Be honest, kind and clear if she’s not getting the hint.
Suggest a carpool.
Start a conversation with your seatmate is the best way to make a friend.
Update at regular intervals.
Be sporty.
Make them comfortable.
Follow the basics of common courtesy.
Stick to basics and generics.
Avoid her for some time.
Be an all rounder.
Get or make them thoughtful gifts.
Work on liking yourself.
Pack extra supplies if you are expecting your period.
Spend time focusing on hobbies or sports to distract yourself.
Keep track of your progress.
Try learning something new.
Make a meal for her.
Wear nice clothes.
Prepare some party favors for all of your invited attendees, and keep a few more on hand for any others that may have come uninvited and ready to attend the slumber party.
For combination skin: Use a cleanser for combination skin.
Use accessories.
9.
Discuss other topical prescription options.
Tap Done.
Respect his career dreams.
Try to find some odd jobs.
Tag along with someone if they're going to the same class.
Know how to calm yourself when you are stressed.
Purchase over-the-counter products with acne-fighting ingredients.
Be creative and ask in a way that puts her at ease.
Limit your emojis and exclamation points.
Don't allow any situation to escalate to the point where you, or others, are at risk of injury or death.
Support victims of bullying.
Develop a variety of colors.
Start the day with something you like.
Be sexy.
Pay attention to how often they post.
See if she's bullying anyone else.
Keep yourself healthy.
Buy decorations!.
Be happy - do so without costing others their own happiness.
If you have a non-Apple laptop already, don't spend all your free time on it.
If you're not allowed to bring electronics, come up with a good excuse.
Prepare, prepare, and prepare.
Take them to a nice park and lie down with them and look up into the starry sky and after 20 minutes of telling them how good looking they are and that you like them (don't say you love them on the first date) and stuff like that.
Get the yard landscaped.
Accept past mistakes.
Getting back in...
Don't be a nerd if you don't want to be.
Showing her assertive energy can also help, in some cases; it doesn't need to be confrontational.
Try to be generally polite.
Try your best at everything you do.
Call a friend before the first day.
When taking it off of the internet, make sure that you change it into your own words!.
Don't get too hung up on having a boyfriend/girlfriend.
Get dressed up.
Mix formal and casual pieces.
Remind your teen to drink 64  fl oz (1.9 L) of water a day.
Recognize your own power.
Turn off your cell phone and put it out of reach.
Have nice looking nails.
Connect outside of class.
Grow out your hair!.
Paint each nail (on both hands).
Pick out a nice outfit.
Get pictures of your friends and boyfriend/girlfriend.
Moisturize.
Put your thoughts down in a journal or diary.
Learn Martial Arts.
Put on some make up.
Vary your moods.
Touch him while talking.
Try wearing skinny jeans if you are going to wear pants.
Don't underestimate the power of posters.
Make flirty comments on social media.
Tell them you found some violations that you can't reveal to them yet until the inspectors approve they are violations.
If for some reason it starts to taste bad and you want to throw it out, do the backpack trick mentioned above.
Deflect requests for online contact.
Warm up and cool down before and after your workout.
Utilize your surroundings.
Break away after the kiss.
Read chess books.
See a doctor if you experience serious irritation.
Try a facial peel.
Surround yourself with like-minded people.
Find her weakness before she finds yours.
When you wake up eat a healthy snack if you're hungry.
Deflect any feelings of guilt so you don’t feel bad.
Ask her out.
Stare out of the window.
Find a headquarters.
It can be tough finding games that will suit all age groups because what a 7 year old would find fun a 12 year old probably won't, but there are ways of modifying games so that everyone has a good time.
Focus on your personal goals to positively direct your attention.
Remember that most quick options are laden with salt, sugar and fat.
Realize you are going to remember this longer than anyone else will.
Set your alarm clock before bed.
Get plenty of sleep.
Ask yourself what you learned from the interaction.
Join a sports club.
Ease her into conversation.
Try to make friends with some popular people.
Evaluate your own energy levels.
Avoid caffeine and alcohol.
Avoid and challenge conventional ways of looking and doing things.
Join extracurricular clubs.
Never start rumors yourself.
Have a large repertoire of mountain boots.
Use social media to make her aware of your existence.
Set up the sleeping bags in a cool arrangement, preferably a "flower" pattern, with your heads in the middle.
Intervene.
Approach your mom and bring up the subject.
Sell milkshakes.
Ask your parent or guardian to give you money.
Weigh-in once a week.
Act cool and collected around them.
Wash off mask.
Speak to school administrators when you’ve been treated unfairly.
Learn to listen and feel.
If they look for a way out, ask firmly, "Why did you tell me......?".
Ask her friends.
Be her hero.
Try YouTube and Metacafe to watch videos and listen to music.
Take a class.
Hang out with them.
Be there to support them.
Dress Spontaneous.
Hone your athletic skills if you want to get better at sports.
If your friends think that they eat more healthily than you or they judge you for occasional unhealthy choices, try to ignore them.
Refrain from discussing your ex at all times.
Don't be too girly.
Use lots of emojis.
Place smaller signs around the area to get the word out.
Eat a healthy diet.
Make excuses for leaving plausible.
Give them a polite hint.
Try a cat-eye look.
Coordinate your outfits.
Direct conversation to the homework assignment.
Make use of the vertical space.
Enjoy breakfast.
Find a cause.
If he lies to you or doesn't tell you something just to make you happy, he isn't stable enough.
Act casually.
If you have to have a cover with your book report, do not heavily decorate your cover in rainbow tasteful colors, it seems a little immature.
See the prank potential in every situation.
Flirt!.
Know how much is too much.
Tell your friend how you’re feeling.
Start a new hobby to boost your confidence.
Compromise.
Pack a small purse full of medical supplies (optional).
Smile: Your emergency bag is useless if you can't smile.
Get some confidence.
Take up knitting!.
Ignore people who make mean comments, if you can.
Dress how you want.
Make goals .
Do what he does.
Be cautious about drugs, alcohol, and cigarettes.
Ask your immediate and extended family.
Get yourself involved in new things and keep yourself busy.
Check to make sure your style is okay with your school's dress code.
Take on odd jobs for neighbors and friends in the community.
Ask everyone you talk to, “What problems have you had with a person who does what I do?.
Have a positive body image, no matter your weight.
Be involved.
Write a note during your class and drop it on top of his books.
Approach him.
While taking tests, try to visualize your notes or diagrams and recall the information.
Glue the cardboard to the side of your box.
Don't get involved in fights or acts of aggression.
Choose your words carefully.
Be a role model.
Speak to teachers and administrators if the meanness gets out of hand.
Play color tag.
Contact your date.
Listen intently.
Get rid of all relationship memorabilia.
Pick the right time.
Try to wear 'hippie' hairbands, they make you look cool.
Make them help you.
Go to local clubs or bars that have live music.
Find an excuse to get his number.
Slip your robe on over your clothes and zip the front zipper.
Also, get some yummy snacks and fun activities in stock.
Treat yourself the way you'd treat a good friend.
Don't be too serious, unless the event actually is serious.
Play tag.
Clearly state your goal.
Go to another room.
Talk to your doctor about hormonal acne treatments.
Avoid using other sibling relationships as models.
Be Priceless.
Report threatening or dangerous behavior.
Move on if he doesn’t show interest in you.
Wake up first.
Make sure you look unique, and like no one else.
Make up 4 signs for the piles you will create, to keep them separate as you work to go:.
List the things you need for school, like supplies, stationery, bags, etc.
Show appreciation for them.
Don't make small talk about inane topics.
Be hardcore.
Get your first clients.
Use his name.
Cut the spines out.
Don't let it slide.
Talk to your parents about the goth lifestyle.
Participate in "boyish" activities.
Use ventilation to your advantage.
Acknowledge a lack of evidence.
Purchase your decorations.
Research therapists in your area.
The next morning, insure that the guests have all brushed their teeth.
Ask your child what they usually like to eat for lunch.
Plan activities.
Consider wearing deodorant or antiperspirant every day.
Get to know the sister.
Flirt with him.
Use a wall and window for support.
Search for new interests.
Know just what an individual is.
Go to the ATM machine if you need to withdraw some money, then hit the shops!!.
Create an anti-awkwardness plan.
Tone yourself.
Wear cool and fashionable clothing.
Respond to negative reviews.
Don't overdo it.
Advertise your club.
Talk to your friend.
Play tournaments every now and then to monitor your progress.
Do your work first.
Carefully listen to what they have to say.
Follow the school's rules.
Jewelery.
Branch out your personality.
Seek medical attention if you have a bad reaction to a skincare product.
Give him a funny nickname.
Sharpen all your pencils.
Try taking vitamins.
Be creative, think of something that no one else will think of.
Observe label directions.
Strengthen your self-confidence.
Consider seeing a therapist if things do not improve.
Start a lawn service.
Understand the attraction.
Feel your feelings, but don’t take  rejection personally.
Volunteer in the local community to meet fellow community-oriented people.
Be prepared beforehand.
Be stylish.
For jewelry, add a fun ring, beaded necklace, or dangly earrings.
Watch for warning signs.
Interrupt the bullying when it happens.
Stay calm.
Complete the form to remove the site.
Simplify your life.
Glance behind you when you walk through the door.
If you want, you can curl, crimp, braid, or straighten your hair for a new look.
If you're required to have one binder per class, make sure to switch them out per day.
Ask your friend questions.
Buy some comfortable tees.
Have fun at the slumber party!.
Have fun and be fun.
Don't give them any signs that you are desperately in love.
Don't take social networking sites seriously.
Offer resources to a confused parent.
Remain patient with shy classmates.
Ask him to hang out one-on-one.
Be sure that you are certain about your conclusion that you aren't autistic.
Give each person who has moved in a household chore to do.
Prepare your transcripts and think about financial aid.
Immediately get into your day clothes.
Decide how you're going to handle this.
Consider your options.
If you're allowed to buy funky eye shadows and bright lip gloss or lipstick.
Prepare to look around the city or town you live in.
Keep in mind biological and social factors that lead to smoking.
Avoid swearing and use of other types of 'vulgar' language.
Make fun of him lightly to keep him on his toes.
Don't participate in gossiping yourself.
Do something fun until late morning/before midday.
Spend time with friends.
Add a little bit of light purple eyeshadow to the eyebrows.
Say "yes" to boredom.
Give him a sincere compliment.
Don’t smoke, drink, or consume caffeinated beverages.
Be gently honest when needed.
Don’t get a phone for kids that haven’t earned it.
Introduce her to your pet.
Try different hair styles.
If he kisses you, congratulations.
Make time for your friends.
Pay her a no-strings-attached compliment.
Stay up-to-date on news.
Invite people to your house.
Corrupt your file manually (Windows only).
Make eye contact across the room.
Sit less, stand more often.
Freeze water bottles or unopened juice boxes overnight.
Ask the girl on a date.
Go ahead, have some quirk-tastic fun!.
Direct your students to safety using simple commands.
Prepare an area where you can effectively work on planning the sleepover.
Consult a dermatologist if your blackheads don’t go away.
Think about what you would like to do.
Don't fight.
Try not to touch your face.
Learn how to compromise.
Focus on the lesson.
Ask your crush for their phone number if you don’t already have it.
Avoid fixing their clean-up jobs.
Give yourself time.
Try to get interested in his culture.
Put on a fitted band hat.
Remember to take more clothes and PJ's because you might spill something on your PJ's or get them wet.
Check your local news.
Listen to a local radio station.
Hair is one of the most important aspects of looking like a wholesome girl.
Learn what constitutes bullying.
Expand your group.
Act normal for you and how you feel is cool around him and act as if you never stared at him or liked him.
Get inspired by hipster websites.
Have a place to put the wrappers, bottles, etc.
Be comfortable in your boyfriend's presence.
Get good grades in school.
Challenge yourself in school.
Invite him to hang out with you one-on-one to take things to the next level.
Use the waiting time to do your research.
Understand that the only reason other people make fun of you is because they are not living with the issues you are and don't understand.
Prepare to talk about your budget and spending.
Believe you are smart.
If you have to talk, stick the gum on the roof of your mouth or beneath your tongue and talk as clearly as you can.
If you manage to get your phone back, take it somewhere safe.
Be attentive.
Laugh at the same things.
Shower twice a day.
Have an optimistic attitude so you seem more positive.
With shoes you could wear anything!.
Be honest and assertive.
Think of his first, middle, and last name, and what he's like.
Be positive.
Ask your parents.
Show up on time when you make plans, rather than being late often.
Wear a hat, if permitted.
Compliment him.
Don’t focus all of your attention on this guy.
Wash your face and put on sunscreen.
Re-sanitize the extractor before using it again.
Talk to others beforehand.
Deal with complaints carefully and calmly.
Wait it out and act when necessary.
At the end of the week, organize a meeting with your teacher during their office hours.
Have your money make money.
Try to figure out why you are the target.
Keep your hair clean, especially around your ears.
Give your iPod a makeover.
Get surgery to fix large scars and lesions.
Search online to find apartment rentals.
When you go home, do things you enjoy (like using the computer, watching TV, reading, listening to music etc.
Optimize your website for search engines.People will find you if they're looking for a kind of product related to yours.
Don't let things drag on.
Do not text excessively.
Build up your confidence.
Respond calmly and kindly.
Find an outlet for your feelings.
Document harassment.
Make friends.
Ask your parents who they would, and would not, be okay with you dating.
Wear a tie to add some flair to a simple outfit.
Wear what works, not what the latest catwalk model is dancing around in.
Look after yourself.
Meet with your guidance counselor to discuss your plans.
Wear dark eyeshadow for an edgy makeup look.
Create your own content.
Make sure you have all your homework done for the next day.
Teach youth about making good decisions online.
Flirt.
Vacuum all the carpeted floors.
Never stop the courtship.
Take a break from the friendship.
Don't leave a tour wishing you asked something.
Recognize that you don't have to be stoic all the time.
Get a box that can fit all your items.
Try wearing makeup if it appeals to you.
Express yourself through poetry, music, or other artistic mediums.
Give dating a shot if you think you might like them back.
Wear Minimal Makeup.
Pick your battles.
See your doctor if treatments don't work or your acne is moderate or severe.
Ask for additional information.
Don't take him back straight away.
See your doctor if you have severe or persistent acne.
Don’t smoke.
If you haven't got any confidence start building it.
If all else fails, check your messages after school.
On top of that black eyeshadow, add a light coat of dark purple.
Have compassion on yourself.
Get space.
Have a healthy mind!.
Be romantic.
Use die-cuts.
Thank your guests as the party ends.
Place an area rug on the floor near the bed.
Laugh.
The site http://www.fakenamegenerator.com/ can get you a name, address, city, age, site name, and email address.
Set up a table full of chocolate - but not completely covered with chocolate.
Remind them that dreadlocks are not permanent.
Have any keys ready in your hand to lock or unlock doors.
Introduce yourself to someone new.
Show love towards your sibling.
You have completed the wikiHow but be sure to do extra research on health violations.
Think about why you want to date a musician.
Scan your relationships for kinds of verbal and emotional abuse.
Think about what you hope to get out of the conversation.
Don't forget about your family.
Always try to be near him.
Don’t encourage others’ bullying.
Wash your face using warm water and facial cleanser.
Be aware of what exactly you don't like about school.
Use sulfur.
Wear your own clothes and create your own style.
Ask for help when you need it.
Reach out for support if you feel depressed or anxious about your weight.
Start a garden.
Tell her it was nice to meet her.
Put on a necklace, but make sure the colors complement the clothes'.
Gather witnesses to the bullying.
Flirt with his acquaintances.
If your school has lockers, consider buying a locker organizer.
Find approaches to quit smoking.
Stay close to her.
Do not give up too easily.
During lunch, sit near the girl that you met with the advice from Step 3, and even invite other girls you met in class or near your locker to sit with you.
Host a "thank you" breakfast and coffee social for the teachers.
Look classy.
Offer to pay for a gym membership.
Make a list of the things your teen should be doing around the house or for school or for self-improvement that they struggle to complete, or that they whine about.
Strongly imply your dislike towards desktop computers.
Be a good friend.
If it's nighttime, tell her "Goodnight" (don't forget to use her name).
Plan your spew location for greatest effect.
Call your doctor if you have cramps associated with menstrual pain that last longer than three days.
Add some accessories.
Get to know your coworkers better.
Figure out the number of posters you are allowed to hang.
Establish a pickup or drop off program for the recyclables you collect.
Test the waters.
Identify locations where you are most at-risk.
Wash your face twice a day.
Use a topical antioxidant.
Get a Reference.
Start collecting pictures and words from magazines NOW.
Enable encryption software on your phone.
Make a series of goals to help reach your dreams.
Play outside.
Take control of your life.
Be conscious of your clothing.
Resist the urge to multitask.
Maintain your hygiene.
Make eye contact with him for 3 seconds.
Buy something that you think could sell for more.
Resolve conflicts on your own.
Share something personal with a potential friend.
Don't ditch friends or desperately try to make new friends, being independent means that you don't cling.
Find a different way to communicate.
Carry the supplies you need for each class.
Stop hoping to be friends with your ex.
Spritz your favorite perfume on you.
Work together.
Use lots of berets, bobby pins, headbands, and bows to personalize your hair.
Consider reupholstering fabric furniture.
Comment on their social media posts.
Ask him who he likes.
Provide pet space.
Reduce spending time with mutual friends.
Work on your self-confidence.
Try ignoring girls who won’t give you the time of day.
Focus on your studies or career.
Tour the world on Google Earth.
Talk to your school counselor.
Have safe sex if you have sex.
Don't show the gossip-mongers you are angry, defensive, or upset.
Follow all the protocol to keep your students safe.
Don't forget to say "I love you".
Find other students to join the GSA.
Practice  how to start a conversation.
Consider asking your father about his choices.
Make a salad.
Act as though they are not there.
Take your dream person to their comfort zone.
Ask them to talk to someone.
Get a planner.
Talk to adults in your potential field or profession.
The answer lies in the background and history; it helps if you research each.
Be normal buddies!.
Set aside half of all funds received.
Reign in your emotions.
Think about the reason why certain rules are in place.
Build strong relationships with others.
Consume foods containing vitamin E.  Vitamin E is an antioxidant; it can repair skin and keep it safe from additional damage.
Ask point blank.
Consider tattoos.
Have financial independence.
Ask for cash instead of gifts.
Talk to a counselor if you are really having a hard time.
Agree on what to see when you get there.
Readjust your notebook after buying something.
Place lighter items towards the bottom if you have an internal frame backpack.
Say something in passing.
Keep yourself organized.
Return control to yourself.
Join out-of-school activities.
Talk to a trusted adult if you're having a hard time.
Earn her trust.
Understand that there is no perfect travel buddy.
If he is constantly telling you he has to go when you're on the phone, he's just making up excuses.
Improve your confidence.
Plan a quiz or activity after your lesson so your students need to pay attention.
Speak to like-minded friends.
Trade summer contact information with all of your friends.
Become a leader.
Think about how your date will feel about abiding by your secrecy rules.
Do your Makeup.
Remember: looking good = feeling good = having a great day!.
Don’t confront if you intend to hurt your parent.
Spend time with your partner’s friends.
Share your limits with your sister.
Volunteer with an organization or charity you find meaningful.
Sell hot dogs.
Learn how to end a conversation.
Take effective study breaks.
Beat them at their own game.
Once your lender approves your hardship letter, it's time to prepare all the documents required for the loan modification process.
Know your rights.
Counter her body language.
Be open and honest.
Clean up your social media accounts.
Clean up your locker and/or your backpack.
Keep your cool when she responds.
Spend time with family often.
Ask him to do something thrilling with you.
Decorate.
Clear out all items that remind you of them.
Wait until the teacher starts talking before you fart.
Read a book.
Paint each other's nails.
Use a toner after cleansing.
Realize that you have a right to safely express your identity.
Don't let it ruin your life.
Wear light makeup if you desire.
Aim to allot viewing times.
Get enough vitamins and minerals.
Maintain an organized study space at home.
Map out possible questions and answers.
Get the house cleaned professionally.
Start your day with positivity.
Get help if needed.
Decide on what you are serving at the party.
Vary your flirting style.
Make sure your hair is shiny and manageable.
Consider meeting her somewhere.
Try a trick to drive them out, if you really want.
Ask your school.
Get a lunchbox that is larger than you think you need.
If you want to start a conversation with your crush, but you're scared of approaching him/her, you don't have to!.
Learn to cook something new.
Opt for a tampon.
Keep student protestors' morale high.
Guide the study group.
Look for a friend outside of school.
Eat a balanced diet.
Send yourself gifts from your "boyfriend".
Make sure you have all of the supplies you need so you can keep selling.
Do not raise your voice while talking to parents.
Care for your hair.
Keep an extra set of sheets so you can wash yours if they’re sticky.
Apologize sincerely.
Decide when it’s time to move forward.
Get all of your homework done before the weekend.
Try to remain calm.
After the inspection, send the results to the cafeteria representative and the building manager.
Treat her house with respect, not like your personal property.
Become a lifeguard or park manager.
Be regular.
Invite him to hang out in a group.
Score your school supplies early.
Support each other as you serve God.
Ask if something's wrong.
Look at some fashion magazines, or look on the internet for the new year's trends.
Ask her questions.
Try to lose your inhibitions.
Create positive goals for yourself.
Completely rid yourself of that person.
Another idea is to paint part of the wall with black paint.
Tell this person exactly why this happened.
Seek professional help when all else fails.
Hang up simple curtains or blinds for added privacy.
Go to parties.
Enjoy your new-found Internet anonymity!.
Make yourself accountable.
Have a pamper party.
Understand the risk.
Start by finding an opening.
See your healthcare provider for stronger medications.
Explore metalcore.
Remain positive.
Do your research in advance.
Glue the paper to a sheet of thin cardboard.
Encourage him to set and work towards goals.
Remember they're just doing it to be mean.
Explain your disinterest briefly so they don't try to negotiate with you.
Present dietary facts in a way that your child can understand.
Don't try to solve their problems.
Accept that you cannot control your parents' behavior.
Tell her.
Gain composure over yourself.
Look into an individualized education plan (IEP).
Understand the potential negatives of popularity.
Ask them out through a text or direct message online.
Don't think about how your exam went or what the result will be.
Look into topical prescriptions, which are applied directly to the skin.
Smile and say "Hi" whenever you see him.
Swap embarrassing stories with others.
Unplug from your devices.
Set long-term goals to stay motivated.
Don’t take it personally.
Focus on the positive about yourself.
Praise the sibling for cleaning up.
Be an awesome older sibling.
Make your hair look presentable.
Exercise, exercise, exercise!.
Know when to report rumors to teachers.
Have good friends to help you out!.
Adding fabric flowers.
Decide why you need the money.
Schedule time away for yourself.
Eat green vegetables.
Consider milk and 100% juice drinks.
Have the locker fixed by a repair technician.
Don't start rumors.
Figure out your intentions.
Add cucumber to your juices and smoothies.
Look for other exes they have left in their wake.
Continue your skincare regimen.
Take a stand.
Consider reusing your child's supplies.
Always listen to the person speaking, even if it's not interesting.
Clean!.
Shower immediately after working out.
Tell an adult.
Make your accessories treasures.
Clear out any loose papers in your backpack.
Ask yourself what you like, why you like it, what draws you to the experience or item, for example, and how to showcase it in your life.
Look at her eyes.
Get a group of students together and decide what type of recycling program you want to tackle.
Exercise for skin and overall health.
Don't ever underestimate the work involved in planning a reunion.
Avoid jealousy.
Understand that new relationships are inevitable.
See how the date goes.
Ask them to accompany you to appointments, if you want.
Establish your boundaries before problems arise.
Understand that you may have different interests.
Be fun and light-hearted.
Pick slim-fit trousers.
Get plenty of sleep and eat well.
Treat others well at school.
Bring up something you have in common for an easy conversation starter.
Determine your flow.
Become active in your community.
Raise your computer up to eye level.
If you can be yourself around him and feel comfortable with being yourself, then you know you can start a real relationship.
Study the masters.
Go dumpster diving.
Create greater surveillance.
Remember that drugs come with harsh consequences.
Get everyone on board.
Get your heart checked.
Figure out how to meet up.
Sell your product.
Connect with him on social media.
Find a police officer, firefighter or a teacher.
Tell stories.
Do more than being a nice guy.
Be prepared for menstruation issues.
Go and pay your last respects, either at the funeral, or if you cannot deal with that level of emotion, to a place you associate with the person.
Suggest activities that you think might be fun or good for your friend.
Dab a little tea tree oil on the affected area.
Follow through.
Group.
Wear shapewear to smooth out your curves.
Try to be less chatty.
Brush your teeth and style your hair.
Plan your time frame (such as 6:30-8:30).
Lean in close to his face.
Be sure to rest!.
Balance your social life.
Be on good terms with your teacher.
Cover your books with fabric.
Have fun.
Be wary of people you don't know in real life.
Lightly tease and joke with her.
Make sure miscellaneous things, such as pricing, selling location, etc.
Spend time discovering what makes you happy.
Pursue your interests and build the life you want.
Pick out smaller cases to organize your kit.
Don’t be clingy or overbearing.
Get some hats.
Give them a lovely message written in a post-it of their favorite color.
Avoid electronic communication.
Get some alone time.
Dress fashionably, but modestly.
Treat yourself extra kindly if you’re being bullied.
Construct a "memory book" for high school.
Tell a teacher.
If they have never spoken to you before, it's best to introduce yourself first!.
Look to your friends and your siblings.
Master the S.M.O.B.
Keep your hair however it is and leave it down.
Listen to your music.
Set and achieve realistic goals.
Choose modern colors.
Get a supervisor, teacher, or other authority figure involved.
Offer to help them work on achieving something important to them.
Learn to recognize how other people are feeling.
Tell him how you feel.
Place any stainless steel containers in the freezer, as well.
Wear flattering makeup!.
Use items to repel the bully from taking your things.
Follow goth models and celebrities online.
Get the right tops.
Sew stuffed animals.
Have fun in the last few days of your holiday.
Follow bands.
Make a note of instances where he remembers what you say.
Invite him to a group event, and make a quick exit.
Think whether he's ever initiated more contact.
Get a friend to call or text.
Be on time!.
Keep your head up if he says no.
Attend worship services with each other.
Be bold!.
Display thank you cards.
Discuss other possible causes of your acne.
Talk to a parent one-on-one about repeated problems.
Consider flirting or dating someone else.
Discuss foods before the slumber party so you know of any food allergies, dislikes, etc.
Compile everything.
Refrain from using most contractions, such as "I'm" instead of "I am".
Play with your friend’s pets.
Realize that some people are going to boss you and tell you what you ought to be doing.
Avoid them as much as possible.
Don't give up on things.
Cook homemade meals for them.
Have good personal hygiene.
Dress in matching costumes for parties or dress up days.
Put words into action.
Encourage generosity.
Assess your personalities.
Don’t be put off by his silence.
Dry out your Locker occasionally because of constant exposure to sweat and dirt.
Think it through.
Take turns choosing activities.
Respect personal space.
Invitations!.
Be prepared for menstrual cramps.
Choose a seat at lunch, and choose your lunches wisely.
Seek help if you find yourself depressed.
Eat mints.
Don't feel bad.
Keep a physical distance.
Forge new memories.
Have classroom rules against bullying behaviors.
Consider the culture you grew up in.
Frame a picture of the two of you together.
Accept rejection and celebrate success.
Talk to your parents or guardians.
Ask about classes you both share or your opinion on teachers when confronting him.
Also, if you suggest a time limit, do not go over it.
Have self-confidence.
Get the guy's attention.
See if you can go camping in the backyard instead.
Be selective, not pretentious.
Watch hipster films and shows.
Recognize that it's okay to still love your parents.
Focus in all of your classes, but don't become a zombie.
Write the information for your party in fancy handwriting (like calligraphy) or use a computer to print the basics in a fancy font.
If people don't like you or don't accept you, just remember that no one is perfect.
Wait two to four weeks.
Steer clear of topics that are sure to upset you both.
Block outside lights and sounds from your room.
Seek help if necessary.
Express your gratitude.
Bring a large, oversized bag wherever you go to fit all of the essentials.
Practice firm boundaries.
Have a bowl of Easter sweets such as mini eggs, cream eggs or just some egg shaped sweets.
Practice until you can't practice anymore.
Show your appreciation for other people.
Maintain friendly relations if you think that is best.
Try a variety of things out.
Don't talk about other guys when talking.
Call or text your friends as soon as you find out your teachers and/or schedule.
Contact your physician.
Talk to your teacher.
End on a good note if she tells you that she has to leave.
Flirt a little to test the waters.
Embrace your new self.
Eat protein.
Do not be a follower, or else you will be looking up to someone for the rest of your life!.
Apply the mask to your face and wait 10 to 15 minutes.
Try to forget about the box.
Recognize bullying.
Sign up for music lessons at a local music school.
Remind yourself that everything will be alright.
Make the first move so you can understand what a girl thinks.
Stock your Backpacks.
Continue growing your own relationship with God.
If you have a talent, GO FOR IT!.
The Morning Before School.
Keep your lips moisturized.
Understand what atheism is.
Ask your parents if they would pay you.
The PC is known for their amazing fashion sense.
Avoid looking too vampy or flirtatious on a first date.
Consider just asking.
Offer to work for or pay partly for the camera.
Write your business plan.
Blow-dry your hair to quicken the pace.
Ensure you look approachable, but not too approachable.
Spend less time with people who make you anxious.
Find the facts about what your school/work does to keep your food clean.
Play some games in the morning like blindfolded makeovers, telephone, etc.
Get stronger.
Separate yourself from her completely.
Consider getting counseling.
Understand the different types of popularity.
Avoid taking dieting too far.
After drying your body and hair off, put lotion on your legs, arms, and any body parts that might dry out after you leave the house.
When you are in a same class together, try complimenting him such as saying:  "Wow, I really like your handwriting" or "I like your shirt.".
Consider extra responsibility a privilege, not a chore.
Surf the web.
Play with your brother.
Always look good if you see them regularly at work or school.
Settle on something to do.
Find hobbies that help you relax.
Notice if they’re playful or flirty when talking to you.
Get connected on the internet.
Pay attention to your parents and your girlfriend.
Encourage your teen not to be sedentary.
Pretend you do go to school at the school your shadowing at.
Consider cutting your hair short at the hairdresser's.
Hold hands with her, if she's into that.
Stay positive.
Dress in an old-fashioned way.
Offer financial assistance if you can but discuss the details first.
Do your laundry regularly.
Learn about your heritage.
Talk to her friends.
Compliment them.
Talk to your support system about your depression.
Wait until they are asleep.
Take deep breaths.
Drag a long, clean table or bench into the bathroom and set out nail varnish, hairbrushes and combs, dishes of marshmallows or popcorn or fruit on toothpicks of a plate.
Movies make you tired, so save them for last.
Make patches and designs of your favorite bands and put them on your black T-shirts.
Imagine that you have magical powers.
Be helpful.
Recycle and reuse where possible.
Aim to stand out.
Get her attention.
Accessorize with boyish flare.
Pack a water bottle.
Discuss how transferring will work with staff at your future school.
Pick your outfit.
Be kind to her.
Avoid paranoia.
Ask him out after at least a month of being friends.
Know your values: Making new friends may be hard, but stand by your values even more.
Have a circle of close-knit friends.
If things get serious, consult your doctor.
Change your behavior.
Get new shoes.
Answer questions in class whenever you can.
Get comfortable with the subject yourself.
Talk to a person who has been friends with this friend before.
And finally, dismiss all stereotypes.
Add 1 teaspoon of matcha green tea powder into a small bowl.
Insert filler text.
Get a part-time job if at all possible.
Do not concern yourself with detached classmates.
When the night starts winding down, get out a whole bunch of movies of different genres, and try to feature your best friends favorite movie.
Find out if you have a learning disability.
Listen more than you speak to absorb information.
Be considerate of her feelings.
Observe if she has the same feelings for you.
Always laugh at jokes.
Show up (on time) to class.
Report serious bullying to an authority figure.
Fold your gum to make it smaller, therefore less visible.
Give them rather direct hints.
Explain rather than cheat.
Use soft communication styles when asking direct questions.
Don't beg.
Be a social butterfly.
Be prepared for some discomfort.
Plan some outfits.
Research.
Give your brother a big hug.
Remember your locker combo.
Make everyone your friend.
Stop blaming yourself.
Stay sober.
Find solutions together.
First you should know who you are and where you belong, this takes time, don't push yourself into being someone you're not, instead take time to get to know yourself.
Try making music.
Help her find a passion in life.
Dress in stylish clothes.
Do nice things for the boy you like.
Reconnect with your inner child.
Find a way of visually signaling down time from the TV.
Understand why people bully and spread rumors about others.
Keep your personal spaces clean and inviting.
Balance your sensitive side with your masculine side.
Build in time for fun.
If you already had a friendship,  you may ask if you can still be friends.
Build a support network.
Make your own case(s) for your tablet.
Pay them back if you said you would.
Show your parents the pet.
Find your favorites.
Play games in your head.
Love and feel comfortable about yourself.
Note reminders.
Don’t take a side.
Notice if he looks for your reaction first when with a group of people.
Have the conversation yourself if you feel close enough to him.
Review the profile carefully.
Take physical intimacy slow.
Follow your own sense of fashion.
Be careful of who you make buddies with.
Doing what everyone else does might look fun, but if you know it’s wrong to do, try to have the strength to say no.
Don't rush things.
Travel to school alone or with friends (if possible).
Eat a healthy, nutritious, and energy boosting breakfast.
If he keeps on flirting with you like hitting you in the head or messing with your hair, simply turn around and firmly tell him to stop.
See how long you can hold your breath or stop blinking.
Ask him about the clothes he's wearing.
Accept the consequences, at least on the outside.
Follow through on other responsibilities.
Zap blemishes away.
Gaze into their eyes.
Keep the conversation light.
Know when to move on.
Check with your parents.
Keep similar items grouped together to prevent clutter.
Do a physical activity to work through the stress.
Interact with your parents often.
Leave if you have to.
Make an effort to have conversations with your boyfriend’s friends.
Reflect on whether actively pursuing popularity is really worth it, especially when it's only gained at the expense of others.
Be modest.
Play a classic sleepover game.
If you're in class talk to him about the lesson or something he would be interested in.
Apply acne creams.
Wear shoes that are both flirty and comfortable.
If you're into music, then listen to what you like, but don't be afraid to try new things, too.
Go to their games, events, or performances.
Take care of any unwanted hair.
Don't be too forward.
Tell your date what a wonderful date you've had together.
Do your hair differently.
By now most people will know you well enough to talk with you so just remember to be polite, even after you have secured a friendship.
Find out why you don’t enjoy school.
Be patient with yourself.
Don't rush out to find a boyfriend or girlfriend just because your friends have one.
Accept pauses.
Know that if you are caught, you will get a zero.
If the player starts to get more and more clingy, saying stuff like "I need you," and other junk, start to let him in a little bit.
Show you’re listening.
Prove to your parents that you can take care of a pet by caring for others.
Digitize, convert, or print materials for others.
Expect one-sidedness.
Create a guest list!.
Select a larger bag.
Find the right fit.
Play some ghost games.
Clear a spot for everyone's sleeping bags and suitcases while you wait for the guests to arrive.
End the friendship if you're unable to manage your emotions.
Recycle.
Be sure you really like this person and that you're committed.
Join a new class, club, sport, or organization.
Join some teams or clubs.
Limit your interactions.
Learn who you are.
Keep your body clean.
Put everything in your bag.
Make sure your crush isn't seeing anyone.
Be direct.
Start a conversation about something you have in common.
Keep your cold foods at 40 °F (4 °C) or below.
Learn to laugh at yourself.
Plan what treats you want to make.
Don't be afraid to stand up for yourself!.
Avoid hats.
Ask your parents to open up a savings account for you.
Erase all the little notes and messages he gave you or left on your phone.
Introduce your mom to your friends.
Learn Programming.
Read books.
Remember to be yourself at school.
Keep trying to improve.
Don't listen to bullies.
If she wants to go to bed and you're barely even tired, tell her it's OK if she wants to go to bed and you will just watch TV.
Corrupt the file with a free online service (Mac and Windows).
Take responsibility for your mistakes, if possible.
Have a parent or guardian invest your money in savings bonds.
Find a style that works for you.
Learn about the responsibilities of adulthood.
Be respectful of others.
Attend gothic events.
Have fun together!.
Use a childhood nickname.
Try not to stay up and sleep in more than 2 hours on the weekends.
Start a band.
Sort out your feelings.
Tell someone you trust.
Put it in a word document in a folder called School.
Wait for your face to clear up.
Talk to your friend’s parents.
Note down things you say to other people, how you act, what you do everyday and see it at the end of the day and then decide what your personality is.
Treat others with respect.
Clench your anus when you feel your stomach growl.
Listen to people.
Consider prescription retinoids.
Encourage your teen to get at least 9 hours of sleep a night.
Enjoy yourself at break times.
Give them a smile to look friendly and inviting.
Put up posters of animals, singers or favorite bands, and if you like art and to do it, even some of your art work.
Keep an eye on your genitals.
Play on a team together.
Walk with friends in the same class as you.
Choose a salicylic acid face wash or scrub for a deep clean.
Try to be interested in lessons.
Try really hard not to turn in anything late.
Listen.
Copy his actions so you seem compatible with him.
Gather all the data and organize it from the oldest to the most recent information.
Don't look up anymore articles like this.
Lean toward her as you talk.
Become real friends with the person.
Do not ask obvious questions like "Do you live in houses in your country?".
Expect genital growth.
Wholesome girls are clean.
Be confident in your looks.
Ask if he suspects your friend likes him.
Do other work around the yard.
Be a shoulder to lean on.
Talk to your parents or trusted adult about your issues.
Break big problems into little pieces.
Ask your crush if she likes you.
Offer specific help.
Always remember everyone has hard days sometime in their life.
Check if the limited edition of an item is available.
Ask about medications that may help prevent body acne.
Invite him to hang out sometime if you want to see him.
Get help enjoying school!.
Do all your outdoor activities first, so you'll have the night for indoor stuff.
Respond.
Get to know your school’s nutrition staff.
Stir the ingredients with a fork until the mixture is smooth.
Do fun make-overs!.
Start the party.
Find ways to keep yourself entertained.
Wash skin gently.
Mask for flawless skin.
Delete your browser history.
Start saving young.
Sleep for 8 to 10 hours every night.
Be polite to everybody.
List all details that you can think of for this identity.
Do not be afraid to talk to the couple about their financial status.
Participate in a bake sale.
Don't bring up your age difference all the time.
Take a shower in the morning.
Tell the bully that stopping their behavior is in their own best interest.
Avoid venues and events which may result in a run-in.
Get creative using food or art to tell them your feelings in a unique way.
Finding a job sounds like a hard thing to do only when one is not willing to do so.
Invite guests that are nice, and friendly.
Flirt often.
Make sure to dance with him on the last song of the night, because it makes a good impression.
Read the instructions carefully.
Get at least 9 hours of sleep.
Be ready to answer lots of questions.
Find excuses to hang around her.
Be yourself.
Speak to him with respect – and expect the same from him.
Use an acne treatment.
Don't expect to be BFFs.
Get nine hours of sleep a night.
Decide what your priorities and values are.
Be aware of what you say.
Ask to see a doctor or specialist.
Try doing as many of these activities as you think playfully show your sexual attraction to your target boy.
Start signing informal letters and forms, perhaps even schoolbooks with your nickname.
Once everyone has come, seat them and stay in the front.
Work hard to really understand their concerns.
Don’t get physical.
Create and maintain healthy friendship boundaries.
Go to different places.
Offer to do some work around the school.
If you are in the same class as him try to sit next to him, then make a joke about something in the room, the posters, the students, or the teacher.
Use an acne cream.
Speak about other people respectfully when you're around her.
Find a reliable close friend.
Study some seventh grade subjects.
Avoid discussing their appearance because it will trigger their ED.
Do not eat foods high in processed and artificial sugars.
Rise above any vices you might be tempted to slide into.
Remember: There IS someone out there you won't have to lie about.
Invite them to go with you to an event you know they’d enjoy.
Wear brightly colored, sparkly makeup and eyeliner.
Start by chewing very slowly!.
Choose a theme for the room and stick to it.
Check your makeup.
Declutter your space.
If he sees you with just people that get along with you in general,what's his point of view?.
Consider steroid injections.
Know when to end the conversation, and how to end it.
Have fun with your new deaf friend!.
Handle a poor reaction with grace.
Go to bed early and try to get 9-10 hours of sleep.
Know that it's unlikely that you will pass out or faint.
Prepare.
Congratulations!.
Make an effort to have regular conversations.
Customize your uniform.
Pass notes!.
Allow ample enough parking areas for your invitees and their parents to park.
Come to terms with the event yourself.
Don't worry too much about what others think of you.
Don’t be cruel.
Give yourself an escape plan.
Remember to make an effort to improve.
Develop healthy habits.
Spend time together.
Assess if you feel comfortable sharing personal information with your friends.
Walk away when the bully is being nasty to you.
Learn to compromise.
Find something else to focus on.
Make it clear when you are joking.
Talk to the person you sit next to.
Next morning, when the guests leave, give them a little party favor bag with chocolate inside.
Be confident.
Be sure to freeze if someone looks directly at you, or dash behind something to hide.
Practice self-care by making time for yourself to heal.
The first thing you notice when you come into a room is its wall color.
Build a social life on the Internet.
Do not become his/her friend UNLESS you are truly And completely OVER HIM/HER!.
Give peace a chance!.
Look for a part-time job so you can support yourself on your own.
Clean everywhere!.
Press down gently but firmly.
Throw a party.
Make new friends.
Arrive five minutes early for your date.
Don't criticize him.
Decide how you will reflect your weird and unique style.
Use humour.
Get medical care if you have an allergic reaction to a natural remedy.
Monitor your mood.
Be confident, and be yourself.
Tell your crush how you feel with a cute note.
Use binders or trappers.
Put your name and date you buried/hide it on the box.
Get involved in some of the same school activities.
Act confident around others.
If you find a pattern of lying, take steps to protect yourself by beginning to distance yourself from the person.
Introduce him to your friends slowly.
Stay away from friends who talk down to you or put you down.
Find a new goal.
Keep an organized analysis pad.
Appreciate all the things you have.
Choose a lunchbox that can contain spills.
Think about becoming friends with the boys first.
Look for calculators that are called scientific calculators instead of the standard ones you might used to be taking to school, but do not be tempted to purchase any graphing calculators (unless the teacher later tells you you'll need to purchase a graphing one).
Adopt healthy habits.
Focus on getting through one class at a time.
Plant your fingertips around the pimple's peak.
Find a faculty member or teacher to run your club.
Do not say "I'm not ready for a relationship," or even "I already have a boyfriend/girlfriend".
Fold the paper in a special way.
Create an emotional connection.
Have your own opinion.
Ask the person to hang out with you and your friends.
Go onto the site you are really going to look at, then create a new tab by typing "command T" ( the command button is the one with the apple, or the swirly square).
Understand the intent of the bully.
Use blue blocking shades.
Get energetic.
Set up a game.
Start a bank account.
Volunteer to be a tutor for at-risk youth.
Focus on how a diagnosis, and the subsequent support, could help you.
Wear clothing that you enjoy.
Try to use recycled paper as much as possible.
Wear creative clothes.
Make sure to pay attention.
Consider your parents’ mood.
Fight back as a last resort only.
Don’t lash out.
Have the kids play a game or solve a puzzle.
Don't set your expectations too high.
Listen to hardcore music.
Be comfortable in your own skin.
Notice small changes in her appearance.
Be yourself and never change!.
Give salicylic acid a try.
Exfoliate your skin.
Take them out to a fast food restaurant like Burger King, KFC or TGI Fridays.
Choose something sturdy.
Go to school for your own sake.
Stop negative self-talk.
Prepare for important tests like the SATs and other entrance exams.
Risk being rejected.
See a dermatologist.
Talk with other guys in places where your target guy will see you doing so, if it's normal for you to talk to guys.
Never be ashamed of your feelings.
Get a grip.
Strike up a conversation.
Become a volunteer.
Work on whatever could be a weakness.
Take very detailed notes to stay focused on the lesson.
Find a way to be happy mutually.
Get out and about and be a social butterfly!.
Watch his behavior with other girls.
Attend a support group to help you cope.
Work hard in school.
Look confident by paying attention to your posture.
Never give up!.
Smile and be friendly.
Don't act too confident!.
Be random and funny.
Accept their decision.
Throw in a "V.I.P.
Be positive from the outset.
Break the rules.
Look for things that make you laugh.
Focus on body language.
Avoid phone calls.
Join a karate class or other martial arts if your guardian doesn't mind signing you into it.
Push her playfully.
Collaborate your ideas with others.
Donate money.
Dress comfortably.
Discuss your choices with your parents.
Learn the signs of the dangerous man before you get involved with one.
Wipe down your locker with disinfecting wipes.
Walk away when you are angry.
Encourage a collaborative atmosphere.
Put yourself back on the market.
Choose shirts, sweatshirts and jackets.
Be honest about the styles.
Bring in a classroom supply.
Use tentative language.
Working through anger and/or frustration issues.
Rely on other teachers where possible.
Be still.
At home, set up a drawer or area in your room for extra school supplies.
Be conversational.
Try not to get involved with individuals who focus on the negative.
Plan lunches.
Distract yourself.
Respond with one word answers when they talk or ask you questions.
Question the driving force behind your parents' favoritism.
Go out for a treat together.
Wear pajama bottoms to help keep your sheets clean.
Work on loving yourself.
Note the link between when the bully is being particularly horrible to you and when your stuff goes missing.
Play "Truth or Dare", "Two Truths and a Lie", or "Would You Rather...".
Be drawn to the darker things in life.
Take practice exams to score well on standardized tests.
Talk to each other whenever you can.
Join a club.
See a dermatologist if your acne is negatively impacting your life.
Be prepared for no.
Make sure you don't act secretive.
Join international groups.
Act infuriatingly nice.
Pay attention to your date.
Spend wisely.
Send out invitations with information like:.
Want nice skin?.
Reevaluate your goals if you're struggling.
Apologize to smooth things over.
Choose activities that you both enjoy when planning dates.
Study your textbook and notes.
Utilize storage solutions ; these are perfect for a cluttered room.
Learn to prevent damage.
Tease him a little and be playful.
Sweeten the deal by getting romantic.
Look after your health and self.
Listen to some calming music on the way to school.
Invest in some nice sunglasses.
Befriend people whom you think are being picked on.
Get 8 hours of sleep a night.
Be considerate as a guest.
Avoid yelling!.
Get painting.
Give him an opportunity to ask you to partner up for a project.
Monitor your teen's relationships.
Don't play hard to get!.
Wear the right clothes If you want to impress a guy, don't wear extremely baggy clothes, as they sometimes make certain girls look fatter than they actually are!.
Wear stylish clothing.
Be mature.
Talk to your mother about her experiences at your age.
Come prepared.
Get good grades in your classes in the 3-4 years before high school.
Dress the part.
Print out all emails they sent you; gather up all letters they wrote you.
Keep in shape.
Don't demean yourself.
Notice if things remind you of your potential crush.
Be upfront about your feelings.
Talk to people.
Go for a natural look.
Let him speak and respect his feelings.
Process your feelings.
Make sure you look good, make a good impression.
Don't be a troublemaker.
Visit your dermatologist.
Get flattering clothes.
As a golden rule, never treat anyone in a way that you would not like to be treated.
Talk with a mentor about having a boyfriend.
Spend time with your family.
Realize they may be jealous.
Add some type of borders.
Talk to a family member.
Carry groceries.
Don't drink alcohol or use drugs.
Get a colorful dorm-sized fridge.
Spend time with your family if possible.
Limit your portions.
Have an outfit laid out.
Ignore any gossip about you and laugh about it with your brothers and boy-cousins and your dad at home.
Beat your high score in a video game.
Make an effort to talk to him whenever you see him.
Be prepared.
Ask about vacation.
Stand up for what you believe in.
Invest.
Spend most of your time with her when in groups and parties.
Eat a well-balanced diet.
Have a positive outlook without the fear of being used again.
Make a point of talking to her regularly, once a week at least.
Do frog sit-ups.
See your doctor.
Put away all your books, texts and papers.
Ask the person out for a bold, straightforward approach.
When you're ready and if you wish to, you can ask at your club how to obtain a chess rating most commonly known as ELO rating.
Choose the type of bedding, curtains, books or toys you like best.
Look your best.
Do what makes you happy without worrying about what others think.
Watch his body language.
Make a vlog.
Try not to offend anyone when you speak.
Listen to the thoughts of others.
Associates.
Have pearly white teeth.
Communicate with the person who hired you.
Make a schedule for when you’ll study and finish assignments—and stick to it.
Text him random, funny things that remind you of him.
Introduce them.
Appreciate her height.
Drive responsibly.
Talk to other boys when around him.
Read good literature.
Believe in yourself.
Acknowledge that summer school is "squeezed time".
Go thrifting.
Come up with a plan.
Look up clubs and teams you may want to join.
Be reasonable.
Remember that it's never your fault.
Once your lender will approve you for the loan modification program, he will give you the first offer which will be most probably the mild deduction in the interest rate.
Stay focused.
Bring them lunch.
Ask family for help.
Love your country; criticize your government.
Try a yoga class.
Show your talents.
Be flirty if it suits your personality.
Recognise what a chav actually is.
Grieve the loss of the potential relationship.
Spend quality time with your family.
Trim your nails so that dirt does not build up under them.
Get a daily planner and use it to schedule your time each week.
Wrap up someone's belongings.
Drive to your best friend’s house for a shoulder to cry on.
Aim for 30 minutes exercise each day.
Take plenty of time to relax.
Wait for your paint to dry and remove the stencil.
Go around and invite people over to your cabin/tent.
Surprise a romantic partner with small gifts occasionally.
Flirt with the girl's friends.
Walk, stand, and take the stairs when you can.
Set realistic goals to adopt honesty.
Protect your skin with sunscreen.
Use the “Five Finger” method to pray for other people.
Be open to advice on occasion.
Exfoliate once a week.
Welcome feelings of attraction to others.
Check the temperature.
Look for abridged explanations and summaries.
Organize your debts.
Go sledding if it’s winter and there are hills nearby.
Clothing.
Look for black armbands and belts.
Talk to your doctor if you develop acne suddenly as an adult.
Organize your space.
Wear only modest makeup.
Lay the groundwork for your cover and excuses.
Consider the potential legal consequences.
Watch indie films.
Do some makeovers.
Don't get sucked into it.
- pick most alarming group and work on them.
Busy yourself with things.
Be sure to make eye contact so he knows you are talking to him.
When you arrive at the school, you may have some down time before you start off your day.
Set aside resources and time for therapy.
Get the image.
Add a bowl of water for pets.
Take care of yourself and your body!.
Don't wear loads of make-up.
Create the perfect xX"SceneName"Xx.
Develop a working knowledge of the history of pop, classic, rock, or soul music, especially that surrounding your chosen musician's genre.
Seek out common interests.
Don't change to please people.
Take advantage of discounts.
Put on your shoes before leaving.
Keep listening to upbeat music as you ride to school.
Take care of them, mentally and physically.
Try to enjoy not having to shave.
Wear a regular jacket if it's winter or cold outside.
For bottoms, tight skinny jeans on either gender always work.
Love and trust yourself.
One way guys try to get a girl's attention is to hover around her or try to have physical contact with her (ex: brushing past).
Close any doors in between the door that you're going out of and your parents' door.
Accessorize.
Participate in class discussion and ask questions.
Express your gratitude for the positive things in your life.
Don't blame him for what's past.
If you have a question, raise your hand!.
Gently run your hands through your curls.
Tell scary stories.
Be happy that your parents are supporting your decision if they did.
Cope with your period at school.
Make up your own language.
Wear the right clothes.
Sign into your Twitter account.
Wear only a little bit of make-up, like blush, mascara, concealer, etc.
Act normally and talk about your interests!.
Kiss them.
Get educated about sex.
Once you have a group of friends, try not to bring up profanity, vulgar language, or obscenity in your conversations.
Pack for clothing Emergencies: Gym is the major cause of wardrobe emergencies.
Recognize the benefits of extracurricular activities.
Call the police if you're in immediate danger.
Get on Google!.
Leave no denim behind.
Talk in private.
Save and name the document.
Join any optional sports activities if you like sports.
Organize a get-together to break the ice.
Find a safe place to go.
Share a cookie or a loan and extra pencil.
Have many interests.
Get away from the bully.
Smile at her.
Stop taking his actions personally.
Ask him directly if he is interested in you.
Get all of the supplies you need together on a table or flat surface.
Surround yourself with supportive people.
Think about any controlling behaviors that your parents use.
Sit beside him and generally talk.
Empathize with your parents.
Be firm.
If you have a big finished basement hold the party there!.
Avoid the bullets and spikes.
Recognize the type of bully.
Do not let yourself to be influenced by any possible bullies or negative people you might encounter in clubs or tournaments.
Perform regular self-care.
Don't talk about your ex-girlfriends, problems at home (unless she asks), and don't make crude or sexual jokes/comments unless she likes that kind of humor (major turn off).
Get more high-quality sleep.
Attend a religious service.
Add dressings to fruits and vegetables.
Donate blood plasma.
Be sociable!.
Make plans.
Be nicer to them, so they can see that you're at least trying to be different.
Text or email him about something that reminded you of him.
Cut off all contact with them for at least a month; this will help the healing process because you won’t be talking to them all the time.
Make new friends, but remember your old ones.
Invite them out with a group of other friends.
Find a workout area.
Nurture your self-esteem.
Find ways to do more quality work with fewer resources.
Try to walk away from the bully to avoid conflict.
Distract yourself by focusing on your hobbies and interests.
Catch up with him after class.
Do not disrespect their country by asking if it is better here.
If you have sticky locks, to ensure that it's noiseless when you unlock your door, put a little spit on the key.
Know your values and stick to them.
Return home before you expect your parents or siblings to wake up.
Once you have successfully cleared your mind, take deep breaths for a minute.
Find any sport and social associations in your area:.
Buy her a spa package.
Be a good liar.
Change your phone number if he won't stop contacting you.
Research a gym before joining.
Do your hair well.
Tell them that they need to spend more time together.
Get up early in the morning, but not before 6 am.
Be persuasive.
Help calm your sibling if they're crying.
Wear a backpack.
Don't wear shoes.
Put one hand in the bowl of water.
Apply silver eyeshadow.
Let your parents know what dating means to you, and ask them what dating means to them.
Have a pleasant Attitude!.
Buy the item only if it's in your notebook.
Start making your case for the next argument.
Take the Online Safety Quiz on Animal Jam.
Smile a lot to draw him in with your happy personality.
Smile.
State your concerns about going.
Add patches.
Find a nice piece of stationery paper or a small notecard.
Talk to an adult at school.
Get involved with the teachers.
Lean on others who can relate to your experience.
Keep in regular contact with your students’ families.
Convince your parents to get you a car by doing research and staying safe.
Make a list of your missing things.
Make sure your earbuds and headphones are clean.
Arrange your books and supplies according to your schedule.
Talk to your doctor.
Avoid getting up and making noise late at night.
Get into electronic music.
Trust your gut.
Give your crush a compliment.
Start acting like you're taken.
Understand that everyone's personality is a little bit different.
If you shower in the morning, use some scented products to stimulate your senses.
Learn to sew.
Plan your route so you unexpectedly bump into him can be a great opportunity to talk again, however make it look realistic and don't do it all the time or he will think you're stalking him!.
Take notes and do your homework to look smart in class.
Get a good bag.
Secretly open your gum, under your desk or in your pocket.
Always wear band t-shirts.
Assemble old clothes that you no longer need.
Make up goody bags!.
If you don't walk in hallways without your class (applies to elementary and some middle schools) skip this step.
Your look is the next most important item to tackle - once you look artsy, and live in an artsy space, the rest will fall in to place much more easily!.
Be supportive when he’s going through a tough time.
Have a camp out.
Go out more.
Impress your teachers.
Don’t avoid doing work in a class just because you don’t like the teacher.
Invest in clothes that make you feel confident.
Focus on your body language, not your body.
Bring out some snacks.
Laugh!.
Use the "Request Information" button to receive a call or email from these locations.
Show appreciation.
Keep clean.
Accept the breakup completely.
Feel good about being honest.
Twist and bend the Biore strip.
Get up and stretch immediately, before you fall back asleep.
Find out if your school has a School Lunch Advisory Council.
Decide if you should be persistent or give up.
Make it clear that you are interested.
Touch him.
Request the advice of professional when you feel as though things are out of your control.
Engage in the good things your brother does.
Don't be too pushy.
Get out your book/Kindle quietly.
Wear the correct size clothing!.
Advertise before you sell.
Prove to your parents that you are a safe driver.
If you get up earlier than her, wait for her to wake up.
Talk.
Clean out your closet!.
Ask questions about love and romance.
Be confident about yourself.
GOOD LUCK!.
Clear your locker if it is messy.
Take goofy selfies.
Try everything on at the store before you buy it.
Go to a doctor if home care doesn’t help.
Keep your pillowcase and sheets clean.
Repeat.
Get a personalized bulletin board for you desk, made more interesting instead of just plain cork as a background.
Explain exactly what you need.
Dress appropriately.
Stop rationalizing your behavior.
Maintain a regular skin care routine to minimize acne.
Be on your best behavior.
Remove any outdated papers from your folder or binder.
Brush your lips against his neck or ear for a more intimate experience.
Examine your behavior.
Wear something with pockets.
Plan for the week ahead on the weekend instead of going to parties.
Focus on your parent’s behavior.
Study those notes.
Play with your pet.
Keep track of all information you give out and update it as necessary.
Trust your instincts.
Set up computers and other equipment for novices.
Choose your friends wisely.
Accept whatever punishment you receive maturely.
Provide holiday-themed work.
Does he talk bad about you to other people.
Notice the world around you.
Tell them you like them.
Correct your students kindly if you see them engaging in bullying.
Talk with friends.
Find a picture online of some book spines.
Have a "thank you" dinner and invite your parents.
Buy pore strips.
Take notes in class and listen to the teacher!.
Take a break from your project if you feel stuck.
Copy the URL for the website where the illegal content appears.
Create a secret nickname.
Avoid self-blame by finding ways to cope.
Have a sense of humor.
Focus on your schoolwork.
Try to find a job in a restaurant, especially in a buffet place.
See if you're feeling unfamiliar emotions.
Don't worry about fashion or trends.
Use open-ended questions to get him talking.
Putting your arms around her Put your arm around her.
Try an acne cleanser.
Use a social media post to advertise your stand.
Emancipate yourself.
Start good work habits to prepare you for the year.
Don't tell everyone everything about your personal life and your personal business.
Offer a buffer of positivity.
Have your products to hand.
Wear a dark lip color to create a bold, edgy look.
Negotiate and compromise until you receive a “Yes,” from your parents.
Watch unisex TV shows or watch sports on TV or a video-game show.
Express affection.
Update your closet.
Wait for them to give you back a note.
Try to be nice to everyone.
Just ask.
Determine the quantity of each item that you would like to have ready.
Watch his actions.
Sleep 8-10 hours in the night.
Take it slowly.
Switch off the lights.
Plan ahead a few days before the date.
Try checking out what they say.
Gather your cleaning supplies.
Donate time.
If you don't have anything in common, find something!.
Pick up a new hobby.
Do not filter what you say.
Try to think of reasons why you broke up.
Talk to a counselor if you’re struggling to cope with bullying.
Introduce yourself in your native language.
Read the instructions on the prescription.
If you're 13+, you can go down to your local village/town centre and ask round for jobs.
Determine your 'battle plan'.
Ask them why they don't allow this.
Wash your hair whenever you feel that it's necessary.
Watch to see if his friends treat him differently around you.
Maintain a good reputation.
Be prepared for oral antibiotics and a topical treatment.
Talk to someone.
Be aware of changes to your personality.
Wait for a special moment.
Ignore gossip.
Be quirky and use your humor, wit or charm to be supportive.
Spend quality time with her.
Come home on time.
Plant a garden.
Accept the insult and move on.
Use salicylic acid.
Put a lock on your door if you can, and get keys for it.
Don't listen to those who are a bad influence.
Think about questions to ask her.
Go places so you can meet new people.
Know when people are truly a friend or using you.
Get input on your most important choices.
If he has been ignoring you since the day that he has dumped you, just act like you care at first.
Apply deodorant and/or antiperspirant.
Accept them for who they are.
Hug her.
Play truth or dare.
Pray.
Make your notebook belted.
Change the way that you talk about the past.
Wear clothing with any message, so long as it's within dress code.
Girls like guys who care about them as a person.
Be prepared to field questions from your parents/guardians.
After your lotion dries and your body is smooth, get dressed.
Spend time outdoors.
Spend time with friends and family.
Plan your bake sale.
See a therapist for feelings of stress, anxiety, or depression.
Show your parents you're capable of making good choices.
Research Eastern Philosophy online or at a library.
Get to know her friends and family.
Maintain your sleep schedule.
Know what not to do.
Make a scrapbook of your memories and experiences together.
For Dry skin: It is better to use a natural cleanser for dry skin, make your own cleanser Mix a teaspoon of honey with a teaspoon of lemon, and wash your face with it.
Be sincere and be honest, while retaining your tact.
Don't be a b.
Watch for signs that your child is being bullied.
Properly tend to your skin.
Seek Additional help.
Eat well before tryouts.
Show off your natural beauty - this is incredibly important.
Be open-minded.
Find new cultural experiences.
Have backups for you earrings stud backs.
Consider whom you will ask.
Keep your hair healthy.
Enjoy the make-out session but keep your limits firmly in place.
Take on extra tasks.
Like what you like!.
Be weird.
Say “no” if they ask you for your number or invite you on a date.
Consider whether or not you’ve changed anything about your life with your crush in mind.
Moisturize your skin daily.
Ask about birth control.
Give her a scrapbook.
Avoid chavs close to you.
Try sitting at different groups during lunchtime.
Be classy.
Do your school work, in class and at home.
Establish your club's rules.
Be the best you can be at all times.
Expect people to say "Happy birthday" when you get into the classroom!.
Clean under your bed.
Do your own thing.
Find somebody that you have something in common with.
Remember that you may score poorly even with cheating.
Devote extra time to self-care to help yourself feel better.
Be attentive in class.
Follow your school's guidelines.
Keep a diary.
Ask any questions before bed.
Act natural.
Challenge yourself to join in on class discussions.
Go with your gut.
Put together a mini cosmetics case.
Keep communication open.
Say hi and smile when you see each other.
Hold meetings in your headquarters.
Make YouTube videos.
Take out the other hand, and repeat steps 4-6.
Make sure your apology is sincere and shows your reflection.
Listen to their concerns.
Get involved in your own fitness.
Complete all your homework and class assignments.
Find a supporting teacher/worker of the building and make plans to look for violations for one typical week.
Give them the opportunity to tell you.
Try lavender essential oil.
Look into a summer camp.
Consider removing hair from your legs, face, armpits, pubic area, arms or any other part of your body you think needs to be hairless to be hygenic.
Get in the car and let out a good scream when you’re at least two blocks away from their house.
If your guests don't like the food, try to make something else.
Bring some sanitizer.
File and/or clip the nails with the nail file/clipper.
Be compassionate to yourself.
Smile a lot and be nice, help him out whenever he needs it.
Depending on how old you are, try babysitting.
Set up.
Ask her out when you're ready.
Don’t touch your face.
Get involved in church activities.
Observe others.
Apply a topical acne treatment.
Create a large sign with your prices to attract attention.
Promote overall physical and mental health.
Know when enough is enough.
Review your search results.
Avoid interrupting what the parent is doing.
Keep the make-up to a minimum.
Comment on things around you if there's an awkward silence.
Pack the emergency things!.
Have a great attitude.
Ask yourself if the compromises are fair.
Look for instances of playful teasing.
Take a deep breath before talking to that cute boy.
Please the other kids.
Don't worry about being uncomfortable.
Typically you will install the software from, for example Google Play.
Try to be active.
Go ahead and say it, even if it feels awkward.
Stay away from big brands and stores.
Create a safety plan.
Tell someone about the abuse.
When you don't give him attention,does he care.
Teach them to express their feelings.
Make a change.
Print the image out.
Be flexible when you have conflicting schedules.
Be honest with your crush and your friend.
Get 8 to 11 hours of sleep.
Take a shower at least an hour and a half before you go on your date.
Be smart.
Think of puns related to the dull class.
Avoid making the same mistakes you did before, if you're trying to start over with a community you messed up with.
Finish off in the same way as before.
Use accessories to cheaply expand your wardrobe and look.
Don’t show up out of nowhere.
Make yourself noticeable.
Invite positive people into your life.
Nails are also important.
Play the games outside that they play.
Try to be funny and serious at the same time.
Combine your clothes in unexpected ways to create unique outfits.
Wear a lot of black.
Leather jackets are a must.
Decorate plain (but less expensive) supplies for a personalized touch.
Get to know them if you don't already.
Be generous.
Keep an open mind when it comes to your career path.
Proceed with your work.
Always be on top of assignments.
Keep practicing kindness.
Bring up that you are interested.
Check the believability.
Look at geek focused online retailers.
Work on your campaign promises!.
Reach out.
Donate other unwanted items.
Remember that the studious ones are often intelligent.
Let your school know.
Find programs.
Deal the messages.
Don't psyche yourself out.
Find a time before the break ends to start getting organized.
Nails.
Everyone's your friend now as a hippie, so make people who hate the world your very distant friends.
Report bullying.
Ignore them.
Highlight your best areas.
Try to walk across carpet whenever possible.
Don't single them out in front of a group of people (such as your cafeteria group) to talk to.
Tap Add a Website… under “Always Allow.”.
Don't use sentence fillers, such as 'umm', 'errr', and 'like'.
Emphasize education.
Be true to you.
Spend quality time with your mother.
Make sure your friend likes you as much as you like them.
When you're finished, you can just quit.
Have fun like you always do.
Keep some things to yourself.
Buff up your lexicon.
Make friends with other nerds; that way you can share your passions with them.
Find a quiet place for a conversation where you won’t be interrupted.
Tell jokes to your friends.
Practice mindfulness.
Be a friendly advocate for the game.
Pay attention to your skin and how much you sweat.
Get inside of your parent's perspective.
Like said in the step about make up, being a strong teenage girl/young woman doesn't mean you have to dress a certain way to live up to someone else's idea of 'strong'.
Take a change of underwear with you when you sleep away from home.
Be receptive to her signals.
Decorate several schoolbags using different techniques.
Attitude.
Go on a special date occasionally to keep the romance alive.
Try to learn his mysterious ways.
Prepare what you want to say if you feel nervous.
Attach retro pins and buttons to your jacket or backpack to add character.
Use a planner to keep track of assignments as you get them.
Don’t do anything you don’t want to do.
Do your work.
Write a letter to the finder of the time capsule or to yourself.
Choose an outfit that makes you feel attractive.
Reuse old clothes.
Develop a training regimen based on your current fitness level.
For hair care, find a good shampoo, conditioner, leave-in conditioner, and any other products you use.
Find a hobby.
Buy your backpack.
Don't dwell on the negatives.
You should always try to be nice, insults may make some people laugh, but the one who's getting dissed won't be laughing and will probably won't think you're very friendly.
Join local groups or classes to meet people with common interests.
Keep your promises to show you are responsible.
Let him notice you.
Touch your lips on their lips, or on their cheek.
Make sure you get back home before your parents wake up.
Hit the gym to sweat out your frustrations.
Be kind to all.
Socialize in smaller groups.
Don't be intimidated.
Know that you don't need a large romantic gesture to ask someone out.
If your guy is a little hard to get, go for one of his friends first.
Remove yourself from the situation.
Make changes to your daily routine.
Focus on the good things.
Try to form new bonds and friendships.
Keep your head off of the desk.
Go outside.
Give them a small gift on their birthday or a special event.
Prioritize your feelings.
Recognize that all families have problems.
Pick up an instrument, especially guitar.
Introduce your potential date as a friend at first.
Be cute.
Change the script in your head.
Protect your diary.
Leave with another girl.
Plan on spending time with each other at least once a week.
Limit chat or avoid it.
Be confident!.
There are days where students cannot make it to class due to appointments, being sick, or emergencies.
Wear some belts and wallets that match your tie's design.
Do whatever you want, it's probably 5 AM by this time, so congratulations, you've pulled an all-nighter!.
Let your love wash over you for a few days before making a move.
Be sure the dining room is clean.
Decide what ideals define you.
Purchase supplies.
Visit the emergency room immediately with severe and unrelenting pain.
Wear your hair in a pretty but casual hair-do.
Distribute the pages/ receipts where they belong.
Join up  with homeschoolers: Get your parents to talk to the parents in your general area to do extracurricular activities -- or a school subject: Try to get basketball, softball, soccer or volleyball.
Eat breakfast.
Ask if he's cheating.
Request permission to use the bathroom.
Keep in touch with other potential matches.
Care for your own needs.
Dance.
Get to school early.
Flirt via text message or social media.
Accept that falling out of love takes time.
Use Retin-A consistently.
Take pride in your accomplishments.
Seek professional help to learn ways to change.
Love music.
Wear black at church.
Be neat in taking notes.
Put on a bralette to cover up excess cleavage.
Be mean when necessary.
Make contact.
Let her know how you feel.
Give him a hand massage.
Mention casually how you hate being single, and see how he reacts (if he agrees).
Make how-to videos on YouTube or Facebook.
Block bullies on social media.
Protect your password.
See if you are becoming more distant from your parents.
Don't get freaked!.
Speak your mind!.
Don’t make repeated calls.
Earn your own money.
Keep extra clothes in your locker.
Ask an adult for help if you don't feel you can handle a situation.
Have great signage.
Keep your eyebrows neat.
Visit nature.
Restock your Puberty Kit.
If you don't want to play either of those games, bring out your cellphone and prank call someone.
Learn how to introduce yourself.
Collect allies.
Get items you like.
Pay attention to timing.
Be social by talking to old friends and possible new ones.
Hang out with your friends.
Keep your hands up near your face to block hits from the bully.
Use a retinoid cream.
Use a non-allergenic laundry soap and bleach to wash your clothes and sheets.
Distance yourself from harmful people and situations.
Try the prop kiss.
Remember to pack your hairbrush and toiletries and tampons or pads.
Avoid costume-y clothes and styling in casual, everyday settings.
Wear makeup.
Develop patience.
Ask them to give you more information over text.
Make fun of yourself.
Prep your partner to meet your parents.
Respect the resolution that your parents have decided on.
Realize it's okay to be a little different.
Address learning or attention problems.
Do something nice before you ask.
Be happy!.
Role-play conversations or scenarios with a parent or sibling.
Seek help to deal with the panic attacks.
Reach out to your girlfriend’s mom.
Visit the beach.
Bring joy to your dressing style.
Find out how to graduate with honors.
Don't be afraid to ask for help.
Send them funny pictures to make them laugh.
Take a few mandatory breaks during the marathon.
Identify narcissistic behaviors.
Unfollow your sibling on social media.
Talk to him whenever you get the chance.
Hear him getting teased by his friends.
Undergo laser therapy.
Across the top label the columns: Assignment, Sun.
If you receive your textbooks before the start of classes, take a look through them.
Be confident about how to react to her.
Try adding posters, or painting some art for your walls, or just sticking up some family photos, use anything to add that personal touch!.
Get into casual, conversation-ready situations with him.
Dress to impress.
Avoid acting narrow-mindedly.This is exactly where many blunder.
Take care of your body and try to live a hygienic lifestyle.
Get support from friends.
Remodel your living space first - if you live in an artsy environment, you'll be surrounded by that mood.
Take supplements.
Treat a girl with manners and respect to find out what she think.
Keep hair, clothing, and other irritants off your skin.
Focus on your happiness instead of trying to get revenge.
Learn how to relax around guys.
Try wearing baby tees, a trendy shirt (maybe from a video game or dj), or bright neon stuff from the eighties.
Think about whether your feelings might change quickly.
Try creating your own Fashion!.
Unplug from social media and electronic contact.
Arrange for both families to meet.
Use tea tree oil.
Hair.
If confronted about it, tell the truth.
Be friendly.
Embrace an alternative lifestyle.
Know that if you want to wear makeup, wear makeup, but if you don't, don't wear it.
Work your hardest at school.
Use more than one website.
Contact a local news agent or post office and ask to deliver newspapers for a price.
Make sure you're confident.
Stock up on lots of snacks and candy and maybe even make a fruit bowl.
Keep in touch with your school counselor throughout the school year.
Bring a snack or eat one right before class.
Get involved with extracurriculars.
Shower and brush your teeth to let your body know it’s bedtime.
Does he avoid you.
Have a nice hot shower.
Now choose a hairstyle.
Look up occasionally while texting.
Keep your lips smooth and looking healthy.
Shop online.
Avoid all things "mainstream.".
Check with your doctor if you have moderate-to-severe acne, as well.
Hold off if you think they'd cause physical harm.
Give them affirmations.
Remember, spelling and grammar counts!.
If they gossip you don't!.
Carry an agenda.
Get some exercise the day before, but not too late in the evening.
Hang decorative items from the ceiling and walls.
Be realistic: Give yourself plenty of breaks.
Focus on the allowed foods you enjoy.
Be determined.
Start with the right body language.
Keep yourself informed on current events.
Offer music lessons.
Eat healthy foods to nourish your body.
Be friendly to her friends.
Get a full night's rest before the first day of school.
Get all electronics charged and connect on DS or PSP or play on Wii, Xbox etc.
Suggest family meetings.
Let him take responsibility.
Look out for warning signs of bullying.
Text about topics that interest you both.
Remember the words you speak are very powerful (Proverbs 18:21) so use your words to praise GOD and others instead of gossiping.
Show your gratitude by giving them a card.
Use patience and don't hurry things.
Listen to him.
Be extremely polite to the parents.
Engage with the people you interact with.
Take her to the cinema and watch a soppy chick-flick, if you're with a girl.
Don't complain or curse.
Start a story in your head.
When you're walking with him or standing next time say you're cold and ask him for a hug or ask if he has a jacket or sweatshirt, but don't give it back that day then the next day when you see him tell him you're sorry and smile at him.
Don't play hard to get.
Wear red.
Get lots of rest!.
Refrain from over-elaborating on the breakup.
Develop a weight loss plan with a doctor or dietitian.
Call Your Friends if they're going with you.
Does he care about your appearance too much?.
Try mismatched, brightly colored eye shadow.
Play American Idol!.
Develop a relationship that is a two-way street.
Set your phone to Silent.
Freshen up.
Recycle old clothes.
Use a moisturizer or a toner, it will brighten your skin.
Take your time to say goodbye.
Find some mentors.
Create your own language.
Continue.
Get enough rest.
Entertain.
Find your inner model.
Ask yourself - everyday - how something can be made better.
Pay attention to your studies.
Make a move.
Bring the subject back up.
Build your self-esteem with positive self-talk.
Be true to yourself.
Avoid having to go to your locker between classes.
Talk to someone who can help.
Make time to be alone together.
Scout out the school in advance.
Focus on yourself, your friends, and the things you enjoy doing.
Now shop.
The next morning, make sure that there is a nice breakfast for your friends such as pancakes, bagels, fruit salad, etc.
Try to hang with the guys or other tomboy-girls in your spare time.
Go in for the 'kill'.
Pay attention to how you look.
Choose shoes you can dance all night in.
Pull a prank on your guests.
Call your doctor if you have stomach pain lasting several days.
Work at a car wash.
Get rid of things that remind you of your ex.
Teach them about your culture.
Smile as often as possible.
Avoid being alone.
Consider removing him from your life.
Sell homemade jewelry or accessories.
Figure out how to make your chores more fun.
As an alternative to step 4 you could always try acting like your enemy is your best friend.
Ask your parents to speak to your friend’s parents before the next sleepover.
Try out zinc.
Store your gum where no one can see it.
Track your calories.
Compliment her.
Be friendly and outgoing.
Consider carefully clothing fads.
Flirt with her.
Mention to them how you regret not having paid attention in class before.
Show your parents freelancing jobs they could do from home.
Learn to control your emotions.
Make a suggestion that you come up with a code word for your period.
Keep your personal information private.
Try asking her out.
Plan your class reunion on a weekend, specifically on a Friday or a Saturday and do it in late summer or early fall.
On the next slow song, look for him again.
Focus on rebuilding trust slowly.
Expect vaginal discharge.
Seek professional help.
As soon as your alarm goes off, jump out of bed.
Try websites where you can read comics.
Go on a few dates.
Stay away from sodas before bed.
Avoid pick-up lines.
Act the part.
Base some of your other essentials on some of the electives you'll potentially be taking.
Picture yourself as the victor and not the victim.
Add it all together.
Now just call a radio station and request a song or whatever.
Acknowledge their feelings.
Learn how to have fun by yourself.
Wear some nice perfume.
Forgive, but don't forget.
Hug Them.
If uniforms are required, use the school's used uniform distribution system.
Don't tell them you want to be friends unless you genuinely do.
Study how older men dance at weddings, clubs etc.
Start a conversation with a friendly greeting.
Type the passcode again to confirm.
Hide and Seek in the dark is another good game.
Don't be ashamed.
Play cards or board games together.
Get the money you need to start up.
Don't let the silence grow.
Sit down with your parents.
Set up a Clique for yourself.
Be disciplined and responsible.
Offer gratitude to those who help you.
Forget about guys for a while.
Watch what you eat!.
Start by putting in the largest items in.
Double check your backpack to make sure you have everything you will need for your day.
Try dermabrasion.
Get a good night's sleep.
Establish that the relationship is definitely over.
When you meet people the first time, Use their names when you speak to them.
Express yourself with your wardrobe.
Use their possessions as conversations starters.
Keep your room clean.
Give your slumber party a theme.
Try to like yourself.
Keep active elsewhere.
Ignore her advances if you aren’t interested.
Encourage the student body to stand against bullying.
Reconnect with family and friends.
Place items that you are likely to use in a small easily accessible container.
Ask your teacher if you can accompany them to the nurse's office.
Wash your face and hands before treatments.
Try decorating your room the way YOU want it.
Talk to boys.
When they start feeling the pinch of scarce money, be encouraging and gently remind them how much money is in the plan IF they do their part.
If they are super-serious, get them into a school with an HP (High Performer) program.
Work on self-improvement so your life feels more complete.
Consider the person’s position in life.
Ask him what he looks for in a person if you're not necessarily the most attractive of people.
Watch where you keep your stuff.
Spend time with your other friends.
Try to find a hobby or interest that you enjoy and are good at, it builds self esteem and gives you stuff to talk about.
Make and sell crafts at a fair or farmer’s market.
Don't take her somewhere fancy unless you know she likes that type of thing.
Make a baking soda mask.
Stay out of it if your siblings get in trouble.
Remove all make-up from your face.
Brush your teeth 2 times a day.
Observe if they clean themselves up for you.
Work on solutions with your siblings directly.
Develop a friendship.
Avoid stalking your crush to arrange “accidental” meetings.
Ensure that you're taking the right courses.
Although this can be risky, this trick will put him down if you do this correctly.
Know that a new place brings new challenges.
If he likes you, go ahead and ask him out!.
Share and be open.
Check out your schedule.
Get a new phone number.
Answer questions as completely as you can with your current knowledge.
Put everything back in its proper place.
Look for signs of personality disorders.
Stick with a simpler hairstyle.
Pack your supplies.
Have high standards for yourself.
Make sure this person is worth introducing to your parents.
Right when you get home, start on your homework.
Be aware that self-preservation is a right for everyone.
Look for a quiet time, free of distractions.
Plan a relaxing morning.
Accept rejection.
Support your partner.
Organize your things after buying your supplies and make sure to stay organized.
Migrate together around the groups and be friendly when you approach, once you have someone who you've become acquainted with.
Be approachable.
Ensure any home made products are safe for people to use.
Create a simple layered invitation.
Try a topical medication.
Make yourself approachable.
Do further research.
Put effort into your image.
Don't pass the gossip along.
Keep text messages brief.
Study music, local acting school/club, take voice training and learn your favorite instrument(s):.
Agree to their conditions.
Maintain good relationships with your teachers.
Put up some pictures.
Organize and clean your desk and dressers.
Eat lunch with him.
Ask your mom, or another loved one to teach you to apply make up.
Keep an open mind.
Talk!.
Check to see if this boy has ever touched you in any way.
Talk openly and honestly about any romantic expectations.
Establish a steady routine.
Quietly get out of bed.
Suggest reductions in spending to save money.
Avoid overanalyzing.
Have cute body language.
Don't forget to smile.
Stay calm and respect their decision.
Find a creative project to work on together.
Use any birth control you choose correctly.
Try deep-breathing.
Have a good personality.
Make friends who are positive influences.
Choose your prank.
Maintain your appearance.
Take care of your personal hygiene.
Monitor your child’s social media usage.
Ask for help if you need to talk to someone.
Do things that make you feel good about yourself.
If the date seems like it was a disaster, don't think about what went wrong.
Slip her a “secret admirer” note.
If it gets to the point where you are just saying "soooooo" then it might be better to ask a simple question like "how was your day?".
Respect how he defines his manhood.
Do not throw parties without your parent's permission.
Understand the meaning of intelligence and how it has to be applied.
Cultivate a "good" appearance.
Are you discovering who you are?.
Text her in a kind but minimal manner.
Plan an escape route.
Avoid joining too many extracurricular activities.
Send him a text or like his posts on Instagram and Twitter.
If you have a top coat, put it on now.
Put your hands around her waist from behind.
Show you're listening.
Be realistic.
Settle your arguments fairly.
Accept responsibility.
Stay friends if possible.
Pack some pads and tampons in case you get your period.
Become his friend.
Manage your time wisely.
Practice healthy communication.
Consider using concealer.
Remove any nail polish that is already on the nails using cotton balls.
Look into organizations that are fighting cyberbullying.
Remember that makeup is not necessary.
Paint the room.
Pack some perfume or deodorant.
Don't talk loudly and incessantly.
Understand and use privacy settings, filters, and blocks.
Grab every possible opportunity to talk to the Christian boy.
Wash your face and neck with a facial cleanser.
Stay safe.
Exercise more.
Push for ground rules.
Take a trip to break up your routine.
Block others' view of your face.
Value your education.
See a  therapist.
Familiarize yourself with gym hot zones.
Help them improve.
Give them time to process, if needed.
Get to know a friend of the boy you like.
Stand up for your man.
Keep your cell phone in a cell phone case.
Consider what may be behind your panic attacks.
Take a break if they react badly.
Think before you act.
Put yourself out there and make indie friends.
Play Talking games.
Try a new hobby.
Get help.
If you don't seem to have things in common, move on; a good relationship is based on common interests, and you want a relationship.
Be polite to the person who spread the rumour to show that you are the better person.
Avoid sugary drinks.
Respect everyone you meet even if they give you a reason not too; try hard to not make any enemies and think before you speak.
Use "I" statements.
When you write your speech, make sure it isn't too dull but be serious with your ideas.
Pile the notebooks on top of the heavy items, and follow up with the folders.
Come to class prepared.
Treat him as if he is just a friend, and only a friend.
When your eyes meet with his, move your shoulder forward slightly and then let it drop.
Find out how she talks about you when you are not around.
Watch for signs of abuse.
Using your locker.
Eat a diet rich in vitamin C.  A water-soluble vitamin that works best in tandem with vitamin E, vitamin C regulates your skin's production of collagen cells.
Don't immediately take them to your place.
Start a new hobby or pastime.
Leave the relationship.
Don't jump to conclusions, but take time to call them friends.
Make sure everything has a place and stays in it!.
Discover new goth bands, and support your local scene.
If it's a time constraint that keeps mom at the same old stores, see if you can find two or three good new shops in advance, and have a few items picked out so she can see what they offer.
As soon as you get back inside, take off your shoes and socks and take down your decoy carefully.
Walk dogs if you’re comfortable with animals.
Don't tell them you love them if you don't.
Dress cool!.
Compliment others regularly.
Put your money out of your way.
Try to make more friends.
Don't feel like you need to be constantly available.
Clean out the trash from your locker every Friday.
Look for ways to make her laugh.
Continue to be kind and respectful if you do get together.
Stay open to all types of friendships.
Consider what relationship they might be in.
Recognize trolls.
Have GREAT Hygiene.
Say friends shouldn't pressure you to do something.
Attend their games.
Keep a couple of days just to yourself.
Don't accept open drinks.
Stand up to peer pressure.
Ask to meet in person if you want to talk with your partner.
Choose a calm, quiet time to talk.
Ask him what he thinks about you.
Ask him for help.
Bring the items.
Help out your fellow classmates, whether it's helping them with the assignment or just picking up a pen they may have dropped.
Dress nicely.
If it's a boyfriend, find someone who isn't a jerk.
Practice good oral hygiene.
Making Money.
Get some knowledge.
Don't act like a goof.
Have a great night's sleep.
Know who your real friends are.
Maintain firm boundaries.
Limit self-deprecating humor.
Learn to love yourself.
Act your age.
Be kind and encouraging.
Stay in touch with friends when you party.
Conjure your crush.
Do not exfoliate.
Attack the closet.
Look after your body.
Consider microdermabrasion.
Know you're beautiful.
Watch shows and movies that feature crossdressers for inspiration.
Join communities that share your interests.
Ask the person out!.
Use words well.
Do all your homework.
Finally, just love them a little bit more every day!.
Discuss their behavior with them.
Think about any parenting roles you played.
Show them indirectly that you need some time to be alone.
Befriend positive people.
Do some gentle teasing.
Make her think she's in the friend zone.
Get active!.
Rinse your face using cool water and facial cleaner.
Come out and say you like him.
Make your meals a screen-free time.
Freshen your breath.
Drink plenty of water and follow a balanced diet.
Give the sibling space.
Do things you enjoy.
Exfoliate.
Make sure the house is clean and all the windows are open.
Music.
Join Facebook/G+/Skype/ooVoo, just anything that has a chat system.
Treat everyone fairly.
Find a figurine of a bunny or an egg and put it on top of some books or in a free space in your locker.
Be sensible about relationships.
Don't be tempted to buy too many clothes for your child; stick to what you need.
Don't be reserved: Talk.
Balance your job with the rest of your life.
Maintain your own friendships.
Use it to your advantage.
Choose something washable.
Bring a friend or parent.
Think about the ages of your children and how many you have.
Build an anti-bullying plan.
Ask them genuinely how they have been.
Encourage your friend to block and report bullies.
Follow your schedule every day.
Make sure you can wake up when the bell rings.
First of all, you are going to need a parent or other legal guardian to help you to buy materials and assist in major projects.
Follow up on things you've talked about before.
Post materials carefully and thoughtfully.
Place everything as you please.
Be sure to clean the living/family room.
Create an album of you and your friend so you'll both have memories to save when you're older.
"Invent" something on a piece of paper, draw a picture, and then describe what it can do.
Have a good reputation.
Exercise daily.
Agree to see a specialist, if all else fails.
Keep practicing.
Pack lighter stuff next: gym clothes, workbooks, paperback textbooks, and notebooks.
See it as an adventure.
Buy things that are appropriate for your locker, whether it's  metal or wooden locker.
Don't check out girls around your significant other.
Learn to not be annoyed by consistent actions.
Live life completely on your own terms.
Find a person who is like you.
Act without being told.
Get a tailored suit.
Try these ways to playfully show your sexual attraction to a guy you know pretty well:.
Be against other laptop products.
Encourage them to trust your judgment and let you see a professional.
Start thinking about the best things that could happen to you on your first day.
Be funny.
Act sad when you tell them the news, or even command yourself to cry.
Monitor your emotions.
Try to exchange phone numbers, but be casual.
Evaluate how you talk about your body.
Ask an acquaintance to join you on an outing or activity.
Look at your habits.
Line your eyes.
Avoid seeing your ex-lover.
If she feels the need to say "we" or "us" and you know it's only her that's bullying you, it shows that she's a coward, and she is trying to intimidate you.
Get along with your parents.
Kiss Them.
Read online reviews of the product before buying it.
Be responsible.
Avoid putting your fingers in your ears.
Learn how to use several forms of transportation.
Try to grow your hair, and leave it natural.
Pay attention when you get shown around.
Clean the bathroom.
Note your parents' mood.
There are lots of fun outfits that suit a wholesome girl - all are elegant, cute and subtle.
Get a bag, small container, or crayon box.
Stay respectful of one another.
Look for leadership opportunities.
Never consider anyone "unpopular".
Remember important information like birthday's, holidays and promises to hang out.
Get the accessories right and make sure you're up-to-date on all the latest fashion trends, movies, music, and celebrity gossip!.
Get lost in reading a book.
Ask her about herself.
Plan a good breakfast to eat in the morning.
Put your phone in an area where it is easily accessible.
Use your sticky notes regularly.
Have the right face and hair.
Keep it short and sweet.
Ask friends for advice.
Don't read under the covers.
Have an amazing room: No matter how small it is you can make it look bigger and cooler.
Dine on candy!.
Other accessories.
Show concern and compassion.
Set aside one room planned for every four guests who've responded to the invite, that are only to be used as changing-rooms.
Take it slow.
Realize that nobody's perfect.
Learn an instrument.
Try using harm reduction by slowly modifying harmful habits.
Fill a sink or bowl with hot water and soap.
Climb over the sides.
Select salicylic acid pads for a quick and efficient treatment.
Choose an uptempo song if you can dance.
Keep an even-keeled demeanor.
If you are struggling in a subject, don't just give up.
Do not base your worth on what other people think of you.
Choose good lighting.
Keep doing your best.
Moisturize face twice daily.
Save "unearned" money.
Prepare for it.
Remember your own limits.
Do a fancy cut or edging.
Spread the word.
Add freckles with a brown pencil.
Get the "Indie" hairstyle.
Decide how you want your hair to look.
Deal with things in your own time.
Get some space.
Consider raising the subject in a public place.
Walk away.
Enjoy the food!.
Remind yourself it's okay to get bad grades.
Do what you love.
Be nice.
Pretend that he doesn't exist.
Talk to other people about your journey.
Limit how much information you provide.
Get involved in your community.
Keep your song under three minutes.
Start by talking about safe topics.
Avoid trying too hard to keep talking if they text you one-word replies.
When she texts you back, don't take forever to respond.
Get medical treatment if a pimple becomes infected.
Have fun with everyone, and try to make everyone get included.
Give him a few cute little clues.
Don't ignore her!.
Before you do anything, think.
At all times, show that you think about her.
Eat healthy!.
Try cornrows.
Don't be afraid to ask him out.
Politely ask someone to cease unacceptable behavior.
Mobilize your community to combat cyberbullying.
Prepare wraps.
Reward yourself for success.
Add some vinegar.
Have a contact plan.
Start packing.
Don’t be afraid to text them first.
Start taking pictures.
Use a business card.
Fill out your "Cardboard Backing Sheet" (the white, thick paper).
Talk to a guy as a guy.
Always remember this: "In the end, the truth ALWAYS comes out no matter what happens".
Be explicit when you want your friend to keep something a secret.
Ask about isotretinoin.
Make a plan to talk to your parents.
Build trust by following through with your commitments.
Get motivated.
Avoid awkward silences.
STAY COOL!.
Use a planner!.
Be loud.
Decide your revenge depending on the sibling's age.
Keep eye contact.
Ask insightful questions.
Resist competing.
Don't follow them around.
Get help if violence and abusive behaviors have escalated and consequences are having little or no effect.
Focus on the other person when you have conversations.
Decorate your classroom for the occasion.
Clean your ears and blow your nose.
Use steam to open the pores on your face.
Pay attention when you drive.
Let your personality shine in your conversations.
Reach out to unpopular people.
Take a second dose if vomiting does not occur in 20 to 30 minutes.
Talk to her in person.
Explain that dreadlocks are actually a clean hairstyle.
When you build up the courage to hug him, or if he hugs you, it would mean you're taking it into a different step.
Provide tutoring, repairs, or tech support.
Seek out someone in your league.
Recognize that making mistakes is part of the learning process.
Come to visit her.
Emphasize the part of your body you feel most confident about yourself.
Ask the host if there is anything you should bring to the sleepover.
Know your teacher.
Be kind, but firm in your decision.
Give a sincere apology.
Ask about Accutane.
When praying or asking for help from the Lord, don't just casually pray.
When changing, do not tell him to look away.
Tear the sheet edge to obtain the three flimsy sheets to distribute accordingly.
Carry a rough notepad/rough book for taking notes.
Be prepared for negative reactions.
Recognize negative thinking.
Avoid using physical force.
Look in every drawer in the house.
Brush against your crush's hand or arm to show them you're interested.
Give your friendship time to grow.
Try a little makeup.
Add appropriate window dressings.
Implement these steps gradually.
Disregard what some idiots think about you.
Have some caffeine.
Flirt on Facebook.
Compliment him to make him feel great.
Keep looking.
Gather all of your posters together.
Put aside your feelings about your weight.
Schedule relaxing activities.
Relax and go slowly.
Remove the idea of perfection.
Find ways to escape from the house now and then.
Spread on a thin layer of benzoyl peroxide.
Gauge how serious your illness is.
Expect respect in return.
Do it yourself.
Expect a call the night before.
Slang.
Make him ask you out.
Plan how you’re going to leave during the day.
Don't use pick up lines.
When you get home, have a snack at do your homework.
Show an interest in this person.
Take your dog for walks.
Be Outgoing.
Pay attention to how she talks about her body.
Stock up on movies.
Cover your tracks.
Make him feel helpful.
Try to be funny: This gives the girl a reason to relax.
Stand up for yourself clearly and non-aggressively if your sibling continues.
Laugh off any accidents.
Undergo laser treatments to remove deep scars.
Keep on top of personal hygiene.
Remember that your crush is allowed to like and be with other people.
Avoid worrying about getting to know the school too much.
Be straightforward and ask how she feels.
Point your fingers.
Find a friend who you can tell everything to, someone you can trust 100%.
Avoid fighting at school.
Try natural acne treatments.
Have patience.
Watch out for pimples.
Have good hygiene!.
Aim to ask her out somewhere you feel comfortable.
Help others who are being bullied.
Give them a compliment.
Put on just enough perfume so that you smell great and you can still smell your perfume 5-10 seconds after you walk away, but not so much that people hold their noses at you.
Listen to music.
If there is little in the way of schools in your area that offer the subject you want, consider learning by distance or look at other ways to do the things you like, such as after school programs and clubs.
Pamper each other.
Prepare your date.
Forgive the haters.
If you or a friend is artistic, try adding some spice to the walls with a nice mural.
Avoid defining yourself by your illness.
Allow yourself to fail.
Use a 5 percent solution of tea tree oil to get rid of your pimple.
Make an effort to be charming.
Include the people you both care about in some activities.
Create a stress-management routine to keep anxiety in control.
Act mature.
Throw out any trash and unnecessary papers.
Find what you love.
Hold on to whatever you find throughout the year.
Report the inappropriate behavior of others.
Does he pressure you into doing stuff you don't want to?.
Be cautious.
Make dinner for your family together.
Be honest.
Fix or get rid of your posters.
Try honey on your whiteheads.
Talk to a teacher or guidance counselor.
Pay attention to your posture.
Give her a funny, sweet gift.
Have a good clean attitude about life; always be happy and bubbly!.
Have patience and determination.
Acknowledge your likes and dislikes.
Spend time talking together.
Accessorize with long thin scarves, long beige and natural beads.
Don’t make inappropriate jokes.
Tell them often that you love them.
Refrain from making an overload of posts or sending a lot of messages.
Deliver newspapers every morning if there's a route in your community.
Suggest a family meeting to discuss privacy and household rules.
Open your discussion by clearly stating your request.
Wash face twice daily.
Don't interrupt others.
Put a penny-sized amount of the lotion on the top of the hand.
Keep your skin hydrated by drinking plenty of fluids.
Figure out what is causing your parents to shout.
Compare the cost of bags you are considering to make your final choice.
Reward yourself.
Drink plenty of water.
Try an aspirin mask.
Hide bulky items under your sheets to make it seem like you’re sleeping.
Forget about rejection.
Write two letters.
Reduce excessive stress in your life.
Give yourself some time.
If you’re feeling bold, ask his friends.
Avoid unnecessary arguments.
Choose less expensive alternatives.
If people start teasing you to your face, you have another opportunity to own the story.
Use manuka honey.
Ask him to change his behavior.
Don't let people judge you, your life, your ways, your habits, your principle and your own area.
Don't expect perfection.
Talk about your problems.
Send your crush a direct message to talk to them.
Bake.
Once you've gathered that weeks data, make a chart of what foods seemed the most unhealthy or looked old/undercooked.
Pack your bag wisely.
Take pride in your appearance.
Have the cyst drained.
Pluck your eyebrows with a nail clipper, or get a professional to do it for you.
Hang out with everybody.
Respect her answer and give her space if she says no.
Text in class.
Dress modestly to make a Christian boy like you.
Prioritize your wants and needs.
Say Hi.
Try to have a place for everything.
Talk to him on Facebook or other social networking sites.
Tell each other spooky stories.
Check the hair.
Have a cute face and cute hair.
Apologize when you do wrong.
Never shy from an opportunity.
Don't swear like a sailor.
If driving a gas hog, getting something smaller is recommended.
Avoid tobacco flavorings and other tobacco products.
Talk about bullying.
Always save some time for yourself.
Pluck up the courage to ask.
Ask your parents for an allowance.
Ask your parents what they know about your chosen religion.
Get him to notice you.
Think about the bigger picture.
Don't lose your cool.
Stick the stencil onto your grad cap.
Approach gang activity in schools as a public health problem.
Use an oil-free moisturizer containing sunscreen.
Put your friends before you.
Speak up.
Once you get to the dance, look around until you spot your crush/a boy that you want to dance with.
Make or buy a personal gift for her.
Stage a sit-in to force school administration to listen.
Assess bullying in your school.
Once you are both awake, eat some breakfast and talk about what you want to do for the rest of the day.
Wait until you're financially independent if necessary.
Be careful in choosing of your friends.
Get some friends.
Find a different way to express your emotions.
Keep eye contact at all times when speaking to the person.
Eat healthy and exercise.
Visit the school you’re zoned for to get a feel for it.
Try talking to someone you never thought you would want to talk to.
Try tea tree oil.
Write  a personalized message to the invitee inside the card, telling them about your slumber party.
Support your friend through rough patches in life.
Surround yourself with the people who love you for you.
Convince your child of the benefits of eating fruits and vegetables.
Play Marco Polo.
Stack heavier items on the bottom and lighter items on top of your shelf.
Get mentally and physically prepared.
Do your best.
Plan ideas for what you might do together if she says yes.
Carefully take the food item out.
Give people the benefit of the doubt at first.
Dressing.
Do all of your homework immediately.
It's perfectly natural to clash a little.
Exaggerate your greatest fear.
Try out babysitting.
Go to your local thrift store and buy some Doc Marten style, black, high boots!.
Show her an appropriate amount of attention.
Rinse away all traces of soap or cleanser.
Get to know your shadow buddy.
Try to find a unique or artistic hobby.
Stick up some pictures of eggs and bunnies on your locker walls.
Agree to disagree.
Locate a second phone charger.
Maintain the calmness.
Have a bedtime story read to you.
Consider your child’s age.
Kiss with sensitivity.
Wear checkered black and white braces to match other accessories.
Find out what supplies you need.
Send a casual invite to hang out with people.
Pick a meeting place.
Lend a helping hand to your so-called "enemy.".
This payday experience is also a good opportunity to discuss paying a tithe, paying themselves for long-term savings, paying themselves for mid-term savings, and paying themselves for short-term savings, often 10% in each category.
Understand that you will not be the center of attention.
Help her find adults she can talk to.
Make yourself a mug of hot chocolate, tea, or some warm milk to help you unwind from your long night of fun.
Work on an art project together.
Make a good first impression.
Ice your pimple.
Address negativity at church.
If you have teachers that often give you big assignments, keep a spot in your notebook for keeping up with all the info and supplies for that project so it won't be mixed in with daily work.
Find things in common.
Change the subject.
Learn from mistakes.
Find visible evidence of unhealthy food regulations.
Try studying outside.
Set boundaries.
Leave the note for your dad where he will find it.
Wait several hours and then send him a friendly text.
Encourage them to work out their conflicts.
Help out in your community.
Get her to notice you.
Work with anxiety issues.
Put the items from your keep pile back into the locker.
Embrace single life!.
Play games.
Have a conversation with your parents to understand their concerns.
It's all about choices that you make.
Spend time with family and friends.
Fight the verbal fight using one of two strategies:.
Love yourself first.
Trust in God.
Tell someone where you're going.
Practice good posture.
Look for fruit and vegetable options.
Wear army jackets or black band hoodies.
Hide a small notepad in your pencil case.
Make a fun game out of practice: When you get back graded papers, your teacher will have most likely circled or marked words you misspelled.
Nod whenever you pass casually in the hallway and don't smile, so that it's not a greeting, but an acknowledgment.
Determine whether or not you're a poseur.
Make up.
Learn to ride a bike.
Plan a trip.
Try to imagine yourself going to school here every day.
Work hard in class and push yourself to achieve the best grades you can.
Don’t be afraid to flirt.
Speak calmly.
Update this as often as possible, how would you like it if someone said you were indebted to them, yet you weren't?.
Realize that you might annoy them!.
Think positive and encouraging thoughts.
Find a time to talk to your mom.
Have a cell phone.
Girls don't always have the best idea about what they want.
Bring an air freshener so your  shoes and socks don't make your locker smell bad.
Buy as many of the school supplies you will need before the start of classes as possible.
Manage your studies.
Embrace your leg hair as a good thing.
Clean and vacuum your room as frequently as possible.
Record all the information the Sales V.P., the customer, and you will be receiving in a form of a sales receipt.
Keep your mind open to all possibilities.
Do something for yourself.
Have some alone time.
Call the Kid’s Help Phone.
Give yourself time and space to get over your crush.
Stop acting overly serious around your crush.
Protect your skin from the sun.
Try not to buy clothes that are tight or small on you, or quite big on you, as you may gain or lose weight during the year.
Put together something sweet for dessert.
Flirt with her to see if she flirts back with you.
Keep yourself well groomed.
Make mutual friends.
Try to see each other as often as possible.
Ignore her as often as possible.
Buy at least one compass and protractor for schoolwork now.
Pack snacks!.
try to be outgoing!.
Pay attention to how you think.
Drop hints.
Give him a compliment on something that you like about him.
Apply heat only as a last resort.
Take a shower or bath.
Rent a pressure washer for the weekends.
Connect to friends.
Ask the person next to you to wake you up if necessary.
Wear loose-fitting clothes.
Type it in Arial, Arial Black, New Times Roman, or some other readable font.
Choose where you will sell them.
Don't be something you're not!.
Give your parents time to consider.
If you are dating this player, look great, and make sure everything about you is perfect.
Don't focus on your disability.
Consider getting dreadlocks if you think you could deal with them.
Be the first one to walk away from an interaction.
If drama springs up in your party; don't pick a side - even if someone is seriously acting up.
Get away from the stereotypes.
Exercise together to establish healthy hobbies while being social.
Don't make exceptions for gossip you  know  is true.
Mow lawns.
Close your book/Kindle quickly when you feel like someone is coming.
Her availability.
Visit a dentist to have your teeth checked.
Type like you don't care.
Hold your first meeting.
Have a more relaxed posture.
Start a conversation.
Keep what you need.
Take a look at yourself.
Get a paper route.
Consult a dermatologist.
Don't make it awkward.
Try your best.
Give it some time.
Join Boy Scouts/Girl Scouts/4-H or similar programs and stick with it.
Play with her hair.
Figure out where everyone is going to sleep.
Be respectful if you break up.
Kiss him on the shoulder or chest to create a romantic moment.
Conversation is a cruel mistress who will never fail to frustrate and surprise you.
Wear attractive clothes.
Tell her how you feel.
Apply a natural mask.
When you begin to regret (that will happen), just remind yourself that this was done "for the better".
Hint for a kiss.
Cultivate an attitude of cheer and appreciation.
Make crafts or art to sell.
Tutor kids in a subject that you’re an expert at if you like teaching.
Try not to cram information last minute.
Smile at people and be friendly.
Brush out the tassel.
Order your item and snag it before anyone realizes.
Make him comfortable.
Leave for school early.
Play Spin The Bottle Truth or Dare/Would You Rather.
Talk to your principal about nutritional guidelines for school events.
Try to live in the present.
Understand that you’re not alone.
Plan a wardrobe.
Avoid popping or picking at blackheads.
Look up on Google, "How proper essays are written" or "How to make a great book report".
Get some things out of a magazine and tape them to the inside of your door, but don't use too much tape and put up loads of pictures, unless that's your style or you find it too nice to throw away.
Know what a coexist is.
Warm up your muscles.
Leave old habits behind.
Give the person space.
Wait 10 to 15 minutes.
Get them a phone if they’re independent.
Remind yourself of what's important by using the 5-year rule.
Have little benders or baskets (locker size) to put things like papers,binders,or other things in there.Be sure to label them.
Place most often used items on the top of large compartments for easy access.
Choose bed sheets and pillow cases in plain colors that match your room color.
Hang out with a random group of people.
Offer compliments and ask him questions about himself.
Get a studying spot at home.
Show your creativity.
Exercise regularly.
Know that many people create an online persona which is nothing like the true self.
Negotiate a price that is acceptable to you.
Enjoy the company of others.
Work on you.
If you feel calm enough to proceed, then do.
Share your feelings with them.
Spread the website around.
Try to make more conversation with them over a period of time.
Don't put too much weight in your crush's reply.
Discuss a fair way to split any expenses, such as food, early on.
Try a new activity.
Make sure you've covered your steps.
Don't annoy people during your first few weeks there.
Take action on your ideas.
Always think to yourself "I'm going to have a good day today.
Be positive, but do not fake it.
Join a sports team.
Compliment him so he knows you're attracted to him.
Never contact your ex for any reason.
Create some crafts together.
Let the kids serve themselves if they are responsible enough.
Be the three: Responsible, Respectful and Reliable.
Aim to exercise for 20 minutes a day to reduce stress levels.
Don't be mean.
Start talking to new people.
Learn a specific skill and use it!.
Tell your parents if you feel at the least like you just can't deal with this on your own.
Never gossip.
Walk to your kitchen quietly by crouching low to the ground.
Find yourself a talent.
Assemble a travel sewing kit.
Wash your hands regularly.
If he's teasing you, a friendly poke and a joke in return will be fine.
Stay focused on school work.
Talk to the police if things get bad.
Consider using tea tree oil.
Establish basic ground rules to ensure privacy and fair sharing of space.
Practice good self-care.
Play midnight games.
Find and maintain a water supply.
Get her phone number!.
Use your computer skills.
Start the discussion rolling.
Start sibling rituals.
Ask with the help of a dog for a cute and funny promposal.
Notice whether she flirts back.
Raise your eyebrows just the tiniest bit whenever he smiles, nods, winks, etc.
After you say that fast sentence, he would most likely respond.
Go for dark denim.
Maintain realistic goals.
Take a note of the rules, and obey them!.
Click on the "Search Twitter" field to expand it.
Alert the school of any bullying that is taking place.
Refrain from being flirty.
Apply water-based moisturizer to the skin.
Call or text yourself from their phone.
Hang out with your siblings.
Don't panic if you do get lost, just retrace your steps.
If the child might get made fun of for not wearing designer clothes, consider a consignment boutique that only sells designer.
Go on the offensive.
Give him a butterfly or eskimo kiss to show your sweet side.
Respect your body.
Be happy.
Test the name out in your head.
Put everything you need to keep in a pile on the floor.
Start the drawings if you are doing so, about 16 minutes in.
Join an intramural sport.
Use a "scrunchie" or bracelet.
See them outside of your normal hater-habitat, like work or school.
Pray with each other often.
Compromise with your parents.
Know when to ask for help and advice.
Do housework around your own house.
Let yourself feel emotional about it.
Re-evaluate.
Accessorize with hats or scarves.
Have confidence.
Get some money.
Trust that your friend has your best interests at heart.
Participate at work or in class.
Look in their purse or wallet.
Politely approach your parents.
Be Confident.
Be willing to compromise.
Consider who's calling you ugly.
Don't be too shy around him.
Decide on breakfast for the next morning, and make it a healthy one that will also fill you up.
Appreciate your home.
Use your sense of humor.
Have an objective.
Get in shape.
Look at him when he's around your friend.
Remember that you're in school.
Find someone outside of the conflict to confide in.
Get sober if you abuse substances.
Use mail tracking services.
Advertise.
Combine your names.
Your Backpack.
Ask her out and see what she says.
Thrift Store Hipsters.
Know who is most at risk of being bullied.
Include a romantic letter or card.
Tilt your head.
Study the Bible.
Try hanging some bead curtains from the frame.
Genre characteristics.
Be reasonable: don't stay up late on a school night, or stay up to ungodly hours of the morning playing video games.
If you have issues with the noise level, bullying, or anything else during lunch hour, talk to any adult who will be able to help.
Keep your digital files in order.
Join goth groups online and in person.
Practice good hygiene.
Be kind to your siblings.
Ask your doctor about an antidepressant, if necessary.
Now that you're hyper, make prank calls!.
Stay busy with your own goals and hobbies.
Consider a tattoo or piercing.
Get your parent to understand your reasoning.
Teach your child that earning money is also about giving to others.
Become more independent.
Provide a delicious breakfast.
Sell your clothes and other items at a garage sale.
After that you should talk for a while and most likely joke around with each other.
Keep track of time.
Text when you cannot talk.
Hide it.
Find an indie girl hairstyle.
Reach out to your dad.
Once the fart is over, sit upright in your chair and begin to sniff the air.
Accessorize with jewelry.
Ask for a delayed response.
Wear the clothes you feel good in.
Wear flattering make-up.
Continue to live your life as if nothing ever happened.
Spend time with friends for support.
Listen for your parents.
Create a basket of stuff.
Don't forget the reason why you go to church.
Remind your child what true friends look like.
Do not say negative things about your body.
Don't dwell on the past.
Create a new account that has no ties whatsoever to your real self.
Don't be creepy.
Getting back into the house through the backyard can be hard and noisy.
Dye your hair a stark black or bright red.
Do not feel obligated to jump into marriage.
Make a list of actions your parents can take to help.
Be respectful.
Don't hide.
Get into health and fitness.
Give out party favors when your guests leave.
Keep the lights on.
Snoop through his things.
Get a new legal guardian.
Spend time with pets.
Do not judge others, nor let them judge.
Apply fresh lemon juice.
Create a community strategy.
Give hugs.
Spend time with your friends during a sleepover party.
Use a planner.
Enjoy giggles with your best friends by going to sleepovers, parties, and events together.
As much as you want to think, they won't change.
Thank your parents for listening to you and for giving you the chance to express yourself in a mature way.
Know your value.
Try thinking of a theme other than pajamas.
Compliment him on his attractive qualities.
These tips may not work for all girls just be nice and take your time don't ask her out if you've only known her for a couple of days.
Wait until she's alone before trying to approach her.
Find appropriate shirts.
Set up a full morning or afternoon to weed out your current wardrobe.
Look into the renting laws for minors where you live.
Decorate your brace.
Make some decorations at home to hang in your locker.
Stay calm and be yourself.
Talk about something that just happened in class.
Be honest and tell your crush that you like them.
Respect one another's' feelings.
Ask your question on a t-shirt.
Try to build your self esteem by pushing your comfort zones, you'll never grow out of shy you if shy you is kept safe in a cupboard.
Give them space if you have to turn them down.
- List out all the areas of improvement such as dry skin, bad hair or improper dressing, body odor and so on.
Ask them questions about their family or hobbies to get to know them better.
Put a smile on your face.
Place useful items in accessible locations.
Speak with good vocabulary.
Reach out to friends and family.
Give your parents time to process this.
Go easy on the gifts.
Build a sufficient amount of the preferred and most needed stock.
Find a good-sized bag.
Refrain from buying on impulse.
Become friends on Facebook, you both have Facebook, in all likelihood, so find him and send a friend request.
Buy a white board or a chalk board for extra decorative locker.
Turn in early.
Get lots of exercise.
Never let other people know what you're really like.
Tell your parents the truth if you get caught.
Always watch your sister for cues.
Tap Enable Restrictions.
Make a natural exfoliating scrub.
Take a hike or a walk.
Make inside jokes.
Don't pick up that phone if she calls you!.
Be spontaneous.
Don't get into any trouble, legal or otherwise.
Set boundaries for children that show too much affection.
Wait for someone to discover it or you can open it up in 1-10 years.
Ask the main office for a map of the school.
Display good manners.
Watch people while you’re out and about.
Base your beliefs on compassion for others.
Wholesome girls wear minimal cosmetics.
Think positively.
Find others with whom you share similar political views.
Be obedient, helpful and a self-starter without parents telling you to clean and straighten your room.
Don't forget to be yourself.
Buy some markers and other supplies to create your poster with.
Get your clique out there.
Using a brush, tissue, or paper towel, wipe the bottom of the locker to remove any crumbs.
Make some metal friends.
Ask them directly if they don’t volunteer the information.
Get a new hobby.
Negotiate with your parents.
Take a day to appreciate your environment.
Be a good influence on others.
Ask more questions.
Know what you want.
Use a black or brown eyeliner on your lashline.
Assess how much you could actually afford.
Show your brother some respect.
Talk according to the correct order.
Wear sunblock.
Keep in mind that the perfume market is a competitive one.
Block your ex on all of your social media accounts.
Try to look pretty.
Present an easy-going attitude.
Clean the glasses.
When it all comes down to it, no matter how many compliments you give her, no matter how many times you text her.
Wash your hands and the affected skin area(s).
Do not change the way you dress, the way you look,or apply new make-up.
Presenting this plan to your older teens is a delicate matter and should be handled with great care.
Get high-quality sleep as much as possible.
Explain what happened to the school nurse when you arrive there.
Make a daily routine.
Send the invites!.
Start to physically touch her.
Check for mutual friends.
Keep yourself busy.
Wear a color that suits rather than your favorite color.
Now would be the time to watch color coding.
Clean your pet’s home.
After the date, make your move.
Avoid friends who use you.
Enlist the aid of a neutral family member.
Look for considerate ways to help her with things.
Start things off with a casual, specific question.
Make sure you are happy about yourself and your appearance.
Develop a stereotypically "masculine" dress sense.
Buy a good face pack or make homemade face packs.
Decide what types of food will help you stay healthy.
Ask him yourself.
Act interested.
Design a budget.
Set a date that will work for your friend.
Hold eye contact to show your interest.
Get rid of unused items.
Use mindfulness to help you focus on the present.
Strike a power pose around your crush to seem more confident.
Keep your hair under control.
Trust.
Learn what you are comfortable with.
Check your bag one last time.
Bring gifts on appropriate holidays.
Make sure you find yourself attractive.
Deal with it if he doesn't like you.
Make genuine friendships.
Change your outlook.
Have a good reason to call or text.
Play video games.
Have an inventory list clearly visible from the top of the container.
Stand up when introduced.
Have your comedones extracted.
Respect their choice if they tell you they don’t like you.
Get input from friends.
Refuse to be insulted, even if it’s passive aggressive or subtle.
If you ever have to go say, "Hey, I gotta go.... Or "I'll brb I have to....."  Never leave her hanging.
Give them a hug.
Get a bag.
Find a large spot to bury the capsule.
Take advantage of the vast possibilities to promote your business, on-line and off-line.
Confront the person.
Does he purposely hang around girls you don't like?.
Embrace your healthy relationships.
Go to the gym.
Show your parents that you’re getting more exercise.
Be nice, but not that nice.
Eat foods with a low low-glycemic index (GI) to reduce acne.
Avoid keeping track of time.
Use a reverse image search.
Find positive ways to spend your time when you aren’t together.
Realize that life goes on.
Introduce the kit.
Tap Websites.
Wear jewelry.
Get the supplies you need.
Be polite and brief if you bump into each other again.
If you're interested in getting a date with this person, stay calm.
Go to How to Organize Your Backpack for more ideas of how to get your backpack ready for school.
Hang out with your new friend more often.
Seek assistance from a professional if the harmony of the family is being disrupted enough to affect daily functioning, or if it is causing marital disputes.
Respect the child’s personal space.
Realize that you're a completely valid person and that you've got just as much right to be here as the next.
Reap the benefits.
Talk to others before you talk to your crush.
Take your graduation attire into consideration when doing make-up.
Get a cool haircut.
Be assertive.
Start exercising.
Ask a coach or personal trainer about healthy exercise routines.
Organize all of the materials for all of your classes in one place.
Go to a lot of "shows.".
Read about puberty.
Introduce yourself to your teachers.
Avoid facing your entire body directly toward your crush.
Put on a nice layer of fruity lipgloss to make your lips shine.
As a final note on this topic, male bullies will make use of "gay" slurs and crude female scatological references in their verbal bullying, while girl bullies will generally attempt to make their victim think that they are not popular and hated by everyone.
Pick out an array of bags that you think are attractive.
Confide in someone you trust.
Ask your friend for supplies.
Reduce sugar consumption.
Treat everyone equally.
Get a T-shirt that fits well.
Understand the situation.
Mimic his behavior subtly when he's around.
Chat with friends during break.
Keep things casual.
Reading the Bible daily can give you encouragement and helpful advice on living a life full of the presence of GOD.
At lunch, if you don't have anyone to sit with, walk up to a table with some people who look friendly and just say "Hi, can I sit with you?".
Pick a polo shirt.
Try to dress nicely, but don't overdo it.
Keep making friends.
Write in your journal if you'd like to forget about what's to come the next morning, or if there's anything on your mind.
Say Hi!.
Go on a hike.
Pay attention to your hands and arms.
Learn some techniques to help you cope with anger.
Smelling good.
Wear a mop-top.
Do NOT panic when you hear, "There will be a test tomorrow on chapters 5-7 in your Math textbook!".
Accept their faults.
Try not to space out.
Do activities that raise your adrenalin together.
Have courage!.
Consider how much pushback you can handle.
Understand the Terms of Use.
Start with shoes.
If he just sees you with guy friends in general no flirting or anything, or doesn't even listen to your conversation, do not stare at him at all, or don't stare at him as much as you usually do.
Search for the more popular products for nerds.
Ask your classmate if they are having a panic attack.
Carry a good quality backpack with just a few compartments.
Clean your pet's bedding or cage.
Use antioxidants to soothe skin irritated by acne.
Bring all the supplies you’ll need for the school day.
Ask for help from friends with making posters.
Don't allow yourself to get depressed or upset over your social differences.
Have a rough idea of what you’re going to say ahead of time.
Check your environment for work opportunities.
Compliment your classmates.
Earn their trust.
It is very important to learn self-defense.
Stay open-minded afterward, too.
Press a gentle kiss to his forehead or cheek to show your adoration.
Dilute the musty smell in your house.
Clean your face every day.
Let your crush know you’re looking forward to the date.
Write down all your options.
Meditate or pray daily, if you want to develop your spiritual life.
Become a great kisser.
Tutor younger students if you're good at a specific subject in school.
Review your contract closely.
Write out your feelings on a piece of paper.
Create an exfoliating scrub.
Wear socks, because going barefoot makes your feet stick to the floor if there isn't carpeting and make noise when they come off.
Be honest with him if he says yes.
Do an inspection looking for health violations on your own, jot down the violations.
Make them a mixed tape or playlist.
Initiate a conversation.
~Good Luck & I Wish You The Best!!!!.
Talk about good things, too.
Use a body mist in a clean scent.
Don't be nervous about talking to him.
Talk about what to do next.
Look for opportunities to engage in everyday fitness.
Enhance your hair with some simple styles and spark them up with a holiday twist.
Get all your toiletries.
Listen to CDs.
Determine what is going 'too far'.
Deal with any bully issues.
Smile and talk less.
Seek help from a mental health professional.
The last part is the movie.
Don't immediately extend social invitations to them, such as inviting them to your house, group, or party.
Use fresh produce and make it known.
Get the attitude.
Follow up with your dad to confirm that he read your note.
Don't stress out.
Be a helpful hacker.
Shop your own closet.
Recognize that this is not your fault.
Defer to her preferences when tending the house.
Get some clothes, leather pants and jackets, ripped shirts (but not too crappy) and band shirts!.
Keep a Calendar.
Keep track of your grades.
Make them a present.
Find someone for her to hook up with.
Ask if she would like to talk again.
Think ahead.
Be eco-friendly.
Start getting the food on plates and the drinks poured.
Link saving money to self-discipline.
Act out your love.
Consider ending the friendship.
Have the conversation in manageable pieces.
Apologize if you betray your parents' trust.
When you go on a tour, ASK QUESTIONS!.
Turn your cell phone completely off.
Be careful about losing your virginity.
Read up on revolutionaries and activists of the past.
Try to talk to them in a mature way and find out why they are doing this to you if ignoring then doesn't work.
Stick to your daily hygiene routine.
Make sure to hang out with him and mess around, e.g., telling funny jokes!.
Practice what you will say.
Be a little personal.
Work on your friendships.
Create a central calendar with your family.
Don't act differently around her alone than you do with her in a crowd,  especially your friends.
Manage your stress so your feelings don’t build up.
To look fresh and clean, it's important to groom yourself in that manner.
Be prepared to correct common misconceptions.
Learn about mild acne.
Eat omega-3 fatty acid foods.
Get to know the person you are working for.
Get invited.
Establish boundaries and make rules.
Shout a lot in public.
Document every instance of bullying.
Give them some time to let it sink in.
Listen to obscure music.
See if they smile and laugh at your jokes.
Try a man bun.
Avoid comparisons.
Get the New Look- Clothes and accessories,underwear and pajamas' and a bit of make-up.
Work on your self-esteem.
Have your friend open gifts after dinner and before dessert.
Repeat yourself.
Attempt to be friends.
Invest in the stock market.
Help them look on the up side of things if they ever feel discouraged.
Go to the Internet and search on your favorite search engine (we'll use Google) and Wikipedia.
Talk to a trusted friend.
Spend quality time together.
Don't hide that you are being homeschooled.
Make sure to put your makeup kit in there too.
Consider telling your parents about your smoking habit before they catch you.
Be kind to your friend and old crush.
Spell out the question in a scantron for a funny classroom promposal.
Consider the role of anxiety in overprotective parents.
Don't snap back or disrespect your teachers.
Appear relaxed in front of your crush whenever possible.
Practice self-care.
Make sure you can access your desired site.
Figure out your goals in life and work toward them.
Use a natural skin lightener.
Have people come to you.
Look at the wall opposite your door.
Go for it.
Take her on a surprise outing.
Think about where you will see them.
Don't be afraid to ask guys out!.
Stay true to yourself, no matter who you're with.
Make conversation.
Use benzoyl peroxide.
Tease them lightly to show your sense of humor.
Lean in when you’re talking to them.
Don’t wait for your crush to make the first move.
Spice up the wallpapered look.
Exercise and eat right.
Seek support from other adults or older family members.
Be your own person!.
Understand that stomach aches may be serious.
Pick your friends wisely.
Apply cortisone cream to reduce inflammation in hypertrophic scars.
Step back and look at your life.
Get some good study tips and tricks from various websites.
Avoid spamming them with likes or messages on social media.
Express yourself back to him.
Maintain a healthy and balanced diet.
Talk to someone you trust.
Learn how to accept critics and how to face them.
Let her talk more often, listen and try to show interests.
Reach out to people you trust when you’re stressed or feeling down.
Hang out with everyone.
Make the school environment as relaxing as you can.
Spend meaningful time together, as often as you can.
Apply black eyeshadow lightly on the eyelids.
Resist labeling people nerds, geeks or any other form of terminology that sets them apart from the group as a whole.
If you start wondering if the guy was actually kidding, take a look at yourself, especially if this isn't the first time someone has said this.
Join or start a club to help curb bullying at your school.
Does he tell you he wants a break?.
Be comfortable with yourself.
Be fit & healthy, but still enjoy some real Italian food.
Remember that pets are family as well.
Take some long, deep breaths when you get waves of nerves.
Set goals.
Note who's going to be where and when.
Show how you feel.
Respect the traditions of social introductions.
Realize ejaculations are normal.
Don't have a stupid grin or smirk on your face while you ask.
Plan your ride home.
Email your teachers.
Encourage your child to eat their daily recommended serving size.
Volunteer to work with others.
Read interesting stories and content to them.
Keep a towel or rag near your bed for when you wake up.
See if you can get some money from a summer part-time job.
Get involved with school groups and clubs.
Get at least eight hours of sleep.
Recycle items at the local recycling center if they accept collections.
Don't act fake.
Go to the people who can help.
Do something you've never done before.
Go ahead and grieve, shed your tears, and let the pain wash over and through you.
Hang out with friends.
Be civil with your posting.
Empower yourself.
Leave her something sweet where she’ll find it.
Tell a funny story about what happened to you that day.
Purchase things that you think you should have.
Be confident and learn more about yourself than you already know.
Get ready and walk, drive, or take the bus to school.
Make a list of your merits and flaws.
Don’t be a bully.
Help them with their disabilities.
Talk to your long-lost sibling.
Make friends in both circles.
Notice him stick up for you.
Coordinate your schedule with your friends’ schedules.
Choose a box that will fit on your bookshelf.
Spot-treat with benzoyl peroxide or salicylic acid.
Act confidently.
Take a break.
Remember bullying is not about you.
Play some scary music.
Assess your progress.
Do well in school and take up extra credit.
Tell them interesting things that have been going on with you.
Keep an organized room.
If you lack the social skills needed to make friends or are uninterested in socializing, keep yourself entertained.
Put yourself in their shoes.
Respect her decision.
Organize your closet.
Try making stickers, fliers, or buttons, and get your friends to wear them.
Know when normal parenting crosses the line into parental abuse.
Offer water.
Wear stylish jeans.
Understand the role of oil.
Read and learn about the news in as many areas possibles.
Don't rule out a school for one thing.
Walk quietly and use steps 4 and 5!.
See the annoyance as training for life.
Ask your parents politely.
Don't feel pressured to hide your brace.
Focus on things outside of school.
Hang out at the park.
Perform leg raises.
Whatever happens, do not say anything bad about your ex as they could use this against you if you decide to tell a teacher.
Flip your hair in front of him.
Have a good attitude.
Sit by your friends!.
An hour before your friend has to leave, make sure any mess you guys have made is completely cleaned up and that she hasn't forgotten anything.
Pick eye shadow colors that complement your eye color, such as silver with dark blue.
Challenge yourself.
Plan the date.
Notice your actions.
Be there during hard times as a confidant.
Ask her for her phone number and send her playful texts.
Apply heavy, black eyeliner to your upper and lower lash lines.
Be nice to everyone.
Ask your friends for ideas.
Deliver a sincere apology to your crush if you suspect you’re being too creepy.
Shadow a professional in an area that interests you.
Never tell friends you like the guy.
Study scripture together to grow closer to each other and God.
Give him your number and invite him to text you whenever he wants to.
Murder in the Dark is a very good classic sleepover game and its bundles of fun.There are many different ways of playing but this way is my favorite.
Try to be a mature person.
Be prepared to wait for their response.
Ask if bankruptcy is an option for your parents.
Initiate physical contact cautiously.
Be careful to take advice only if it works for you.
Keep control of your anger and other emotions.
Join a club or organization.
Reduce your risk of diabetes if you are a man.
Have flowers delivered.
Do what you love, whether it's seen as feminine or masculine.
Ask him what his plans are for the weekend if you want to hang out.
Sell old stuff.
Have a variety of activities.
Know what your friends and teachers want from you.
Use school as an excuse.
Put down that pencil and close your eyes for a minute.
Do each other’s nails.
Make a decision to see them again.
Invite over older friends too.
Make some friends while you're waiting for school to open.
Find a selection of music that describes you.
Be ready to kiss.
Realize that there are consequences for breaking rules.
Get a friend (that can talk really well like a guy) to talk when you call.
Watch him recall specific details.
Be sure you know if you want to do this for the right reasons.
Be an easy to talk to person.
Buy in bulk to get the best price.
Wait it out.
Telling your crush how you feel over the phone.
Be kind to the teachers even if they aren't that nice to you.
Work with your doctor to find a healthy weight for you.
See where she puts her attention in a group.
Share regular conversation with her.
Keep being a good friend.
Embrace who you are.
Good Luck!.
Take a few minutes to calm down if you're upset with your brother.
Find new ways to spend time together.
Learn to be confident.
Know what you did wrong.
Look for androgyny.
Make some pencil toppers.
Eat lunch with your new friend.
Ask yourself why you wanted to say "I love you.".
Before anything else, you'll need to get several things.
Strengthen your current friendships.
Don't think about negative things too much.
Ask them out, if they haven't asked you already!.
Talk with a trusted friend or family member about your feelings.
Treat her daughter with respect.
Make amends for your mistakes.
Go to the mall.
Submit the corrupted file online and start working on your real assignment.
Keep your body language calm and confident when you’re around him.
Pick a patterned rug to lay under or next to the bed.
When you wake up, immediately plug in your music player.
Keep the attention always on her.
Get up early enough so you have time to get ready.
Look for signs that indicate your crush isn’t reciprocating interest.
Be a responsible student.
Try to be nice to them but be careful, they might try to change you by making comments about your belongings or appearance.
Sell the items you no longer use or want Here are some ideas in a wide list of items:.
Brainstorm your ideas.
Manage your stress so that you’re better able to cope.
Make the grade.
Get piercings.
Create invitations!.
Make your move and kiss him.
Create two web pages.
Avoid texting or calling him.
Keep things in perspective.
Validate their feelings.
Teach your child the importance of paying bills promptly.
Follow the therapist's instructions and treatments.
Make a joke out of the situation.
Move smoothly to prevent fluid motions in your stomach.
Spend some time alone.
Plan what you would like to say in your apology and speak clearly.
Watch his facial expressions too.
Compliment him again.
Take criticism into account, but don't let it get to you.
Treat any medical conditions.
Remember that bullying affects everyone.
Recognize if he is nervous, too.
Write a note.
If you make a mistake with paint try Goo Gone from Dollar Tree, or a similar type of remover.
Show them all the data you collected and what they should focus of looking at.
Write something on a piece of paper and leave it in between you and your friend.
Don't pressure yourself.
There are many ways to mentally prepare yourself for school.
Do things outdoors.
Assign a special homework assignment or project that's due on that day.
Don't use your new friends (and just let them use you a little).
Remember that she likes you.
Attend concerts of popular artists who are visiting your area.
Reflect on what you have learned.
When you're around him and his friends, talk more to his friends rather than talking to him so that he develops some jealousy and knows that you're not drooling over him anymore.
Ask friends and family what they think about the name.
Tell the teacher that your items have gone missing as soon as they disappear.
Decide what you want the outcome to be.
Ask someone to show you around, preferably someone you've already talked to.
Start things off to invite her to talk.
Listen to them and don't interrupt.
Use other furniture for leverage.
Write a letter to the person, tell them everything you ever felt about them, and how it feels to lose them.
Feel out his interest level with casual questions.
Admit it is the first.
Share memes with her to share humor and interests.
Be true to your friends.
Keep a daily checklist.
Start relaxed conversations when you start to hang out more.
Be open to various explanations of why you are angry.
Prove that you are a good listener who does things that they have already indicated that they want, even the most boring chores are accepted and done well.
Make sure you have clothes that meet with the dress-code guidelines of your school.
Be a bad girl.
Count your money to see whether you have enough money.
Use baking soda.
Tease her a little bit.
Know the difference between proof coins, bullion coins, and uncirculated coins.
Acknowledge other activities as a distraction, but do not give in to that temptation.
Set goals for yourself.
Invite your crush to a group gathering.
Buy refurbished.
Finish as much schoolwork as you can during the weekdays.
Watch how he responds when you are with another guy.
Break the touch barrier.
Get straight to the point.
Join wikiHow and help improve it.
Do not insult yourself.
Don't act "tough" or be a big pushover, nobody will respect you either way.
Opt for an edgy style or shaved head if you want a bold look.
Put the kit in your backpack in a place where it can remain private.
Pamper your mom.
If you want, think of a cool theme or activity for each sleepover.
If you can,  have products for when your skin is in different conditions.
Talk hobbies!.
Tell him to wait while you retrieve the gift.
Ask your doctor about the pimples.
Go to school.
Get her number and just say hey to start the conversation.
Trust your inner conscience: Believe in your gut feelings.
Focus on your lessons.
Begin with talking about your pain, not anger.
Take Physical Education/Gym during summer school, if possible.
Pull your crush aside.
Count your blemishes.
Consider confronting the bully if you feel brave enough and know for sure that the bully is taking your stuff.
Keep your living space and bedroom tidy.
Let your parents know that your dog is your friend.
Suggest counseling.
If you're too young to go to the mall alone for advance shopping, log on to a shopping portal site like Catalogs.com and browse the online catalogs.
Be home before 9:30 on a school night and earn the trust of their parents.
Judge their behavior over what they say.
Stay who you are.
Do not do pointless things that other people label as "cool.".
Be friendly and approachable.
Use your pocket money wisely.
Avoid getting obsessed with things that don't really matter.
Set a profile picture of "yourself".
Ask your parents!.
Make a written list.
Be sure to have fun!.
The kiss.
Speak to your teachers.
Get inspired by music.
Steal something of his and make him chase you.
Avoid being afraid of failure.
Establish an alibi.
Make sure that nobody is trying to overstep you as alpha.
Act perfectly normal.
Flirt a little bit.
Stack items from lightest to heaviest in an external frame backpack.
Set aside time for studying and homework every day.
Get distance from the source of your pain.
See the world through their eyes.
Figure out why the storm is bothering you.
Make a considerate exit.
Calculate your BMI.
Be the emotional support that she needs.
Chronicle your bonding experiences and then give your mom a copy as a gift.
If you find her hair attractive, compliment her on it and/or ask her if you can play with it.
Remember that you’ll be home soon!.
You get one day as a "cheat day" per week.
Take calcium supplements.
Take your time.
Dress nicely to impress your crush.
Explain why you don’t think going is a good idea.
Don't worry about being popular.
Pick a good time to talk.
Consider where your friends are going, but don't let it dictate your whole decision.
Be open to hearing your friend’s concerns.
Evaluate your music taste.
Get involved with housework.
Be healthy.
Tell your parents if you feel left out.
Be organized.
Keep evidence of cyberbullying.
Read a lot.
Consider putting your cell phone in your locker.
Ask a mutual friend to introduce you.
Tell your friends about your great time volunteering.
Touch her if she’s comfortable with it.
Catch the culprit.
Be helpful towards your classmates.
Research and plan a project.
Choose a good time to talk to the adult.
The first few weeks will be a learning experience for everyone as you clarify what a Clean & Tidy Room really means, and how much 90% really is.
Be physically affectionate.
Be courageous.
Complete the program requirements.
Be respectful to your girl when talking to friends.
Order her favorite food or drink without her asking.
Don't be put off by his shyness.
Make color-coded study schedules so that you get to review everything you need to.
Make the final touches.
Now it's time for stairs entering and exiting the garden.
Start to bounce to the music.
Pack shampoo and soap if you’re going to take a shower.
Post up a copy of household rules.
Involve your parents in your decision.
Don't smother them.
All good relationships must come to an end.
Confront the bully in private, if possible.
Have fun and remember to live life to the fullest.
Work on trusting each other.
Clean your space.
You'll need to look for a good skin care brand.
Personality.
Start balancing your diet.
Clean your house, it will be easier to have fun in a clean house.
Manage any health issues that might affect your weight.
Giver her your phone number instead of asking for hers.
Remember that you don't have to:.
Sanitize the extractor.
Be consistently level-headed inside and out, and don't over-think people or situation.
On the day of your reunion make sure all your guests are properly registered.
Create some eyeliner art.
Listen to your parents.
Make signs.
Try to meet new people before school starts.
Go shopping.
Put your book/Kindle under your pillow once you are done.
Decide if you want to be friends.
Communicate your feelings honestly but gently so you don’t hurt them.
Say something.
Twist and clip a piece of hair out of your face.
Don’t forget to accessorize.
Make your own dinner with food in the kitchen to get creative.
Brush your teeth and put on your deodorant or antiperspirant before getting dressed.
Stay away from places you know your ex might be.
Eat a healthy breakfast to give you energy for the shopping trip ahead.Don't want to be tired after an hour, do you?.
Journal about it.
Think about what you actually can change!.
Know what you need.
Stay calm and respectful, even when they are mean.
Analyze the situation.
Attend parties to meet new people.
Have a low-maintenance beauty routine.
Stop and think before you speak and act.
Make sure it's okay with your parents.
Change your diet.
Try it on close friends.
Spend time with your non-needy friends.
Make a "date" to watch a movie together in another room.
Speak your voice.
Try to understand their point of view.
Appeal to your therapist.
Show your students things from the last 100 days of school.
Treat anemia, if your iron is low.
Send her a friend or follow request on social media.
Engage your conversation partner(s).
Know how to handle them.
Play online games like smallworlds.com; that is a site where you can talk to people and make friends.
Try physical activity.
Focus on boosting your self-esteem and making yourself happy.
Try to build a personal relationship with the teachers.
Don't talk about what you two do in private.
Remember to reward yourself.
Wash your face with Cetaphil, or another great scrub with SPF.
Store all of this information where it can be easily accessible by you.
Cinema trip!.
See a doctor if you experience side effects.
Ignore haters!.
Treat the person like any other bully.
Ask about phototherapy.
Apply a moisturizer.
Pay attention to your internal reaction when someone brings your crush up in conversation.
Pick out your comfiest PJ's or nightie.
Ask around.
Build an idea of who you want to be.
Show them around the house.
Look at her behavior.
Cut contact.
Hang stuff on the hooks.
Get perfect brows and teeth!.
Watch your spelling and grammar.
Know your options if you do get pregnant.
Make jewelry to sell.
Don’t pressure her into doing something she doesn’t want to do.
Try to anticipate their reaction.
Highlight your classes.Take a highlighter, and highlight your classes on your map, the cafeteria, the gym, and the library, as well as the area where you locker is, then grab a pen (not a pencil, it won't show up.).
Help your child eat healthy.
Keep your lips soft and kissable.
Begin dating when you’re ready for a connection but aren’t rebounding.
When you are in love, or like someone, take your time!.
Make good friends.
Avoid badmouthing him.
Choose clothing and accessories.
Tell jokes.
Take a hair band with you to put your hair up.
Just brush it off if your friends notice.
Compliment her sincerely.
Be kind and don't show off.
Include as few people as possible.
Put away at least ten percent of your income.
Take your shower, if you didn’t last night.
Build up the necessary courage.
Consider what to put into the kit.
Don't wait too long if you want her to like you.
Listen to everything they have to say without getting defensive.
Exfoliate regularly.
Accessories.
Pay at least as much attention to what she's doing as what she's saying.
Attend a public school's event.
Breathe.
Try starting a band.
Model healthy behavior.
Be considerate when choosing the time of day.
Ask your parents for instructions and follow them!.
Evaluate your behavior.
Know when to extract information.
Wash your hair often.
Beware of drugs and drinking.
Don't get physical too soon.
Once you've studied your target customers, find out how you can lure them into your product/service.
Know you don't need loads of friends.
Make a space for hygiene items.
Go and talk to him.
Try new things and take risks.
Accept rules and responsibilities.
Do your homework.
Know where you stand.
Observe family mealtimes.
Treat her like a lady.
Rest.
Look for online communities that people help people in similar situations.
Eat healthy and treat your body right.
Commit to your partner.
Distract yourself with work.
Go online.
Join a club or interest group.
Be friendly and nice in school.
If your friend is okay with it, do a couple of innocent prank calls.
Have foods high in Vitamin D. This vitamin can help your skin stay healthy and fresh.
Pack some pain relievers.
Record your methodology exactly.
Write down family rules and put them on the fridge.
Don’t be peer pressured.
Realize that all guys are different!.
Get support.
Take things slowly instead of rushing into a relationship.
Assess your skills and interests.
Look after your hair.
Do a new activity together.
In order not to bore little kids, let them take part in games.
Find the right activity for you.
Use a straightener to give yourself soft, loose curls.
Pick out a bag.
Explain that you think you're autistic, and give some examples of why.
Acknowledge your role in the conflict.
Tailor your interactions based on the child’s activity level.
Plan an escape route from events.
Look around your house and find CD's, games, DVDs, antiques, anything that you think somebody might want to buy.
Gather your things and go to school.
Before the last step, check out the tips and warnings it makes all the difference.
Determine if it is worth the risk.
Get rest when you need to.
Tell your parent(s) that you'd like to talk to them about something important.
Nurture new friendships.
Start with a text conversation if you’re too shy to speak up in person.
Verify your parents schedule.
Keep a file box in your house of important papers you need to save.
A technique you can use to put the gum in your mouth is to bend down under your desk and pretend to get something out of your backpack, and just put in the gum then.
Sign them up for a sport\(s) that they love & know how to play.
Get a couple pairs of skinny jeans.
Consider why they need to know.
Do work for your neighbors.
Know how to get to cover.
Listen to some upbeat music on your way to school, and follow the beat of your own drum; your heart.
Decorate your home with multicultural items.
Choose a paint color.
Exercise regularly, at least 3-5 times a week.
Choose a safe place to cross an intersection.
Try turning it into a game.
Ask for a loan.
Take inventory.
Never say "Who farted?".
Tell your friends ahead of time not to call or text you during school.
Find a hotel!.
Enroll in extracurricular activities.
Try family counseling.
Learn to  defend yourself.
Know thyself, as the Delphians say.
Add accessories of his choosing.
Avoid turning the table on the other person after apologizing.
Be Healthy.
Reflect on your childhood family dynamics.
Make him want your attention.
Avoid the following genres that could be indie, but aren't punk or grungy enough for most indie grunge people to listen to:.
Become an optimist!.
Keep in mind that bullies do not dislike hiding their actions.
Deal with stalkers.
Acknowledge and talk about the tough times.
Shower before the date.
Give your potential friends your full attention while you’re with them.
Find out who the nerds are.
Don't return their calls.
Ask yourself if he’s really listening to you.
Talk to your friends about what you feel.
Remember that your teachers are there to help you.
Help your friends organize their bedrooms.
Wear sunscreen.
Choose an Outfit.
Ask for his advice.
Pick a good spot in class.
Schedule something fun for Sunday night.
Tell your parents you have something important to discuss with them and you'll need some time to do it.
Keep your body healthy.
Interact with all kinds of students.
Tie alike supplies together with elastic bands.
Collect a variety of brands and styles of clothing.
Learn appropriate touching/kissing.
Sit down with your chosen person and explain what happened.
Write a GSA goal for your alliance.
Do extra chores around the house.
Choose one thing to act on right away.
Plan a draft of what you want to say to him.
Make your guest feel comfortable.
Give a girl some time and space.
House sit if you have neighbors who go on vacation.
Get to grips with some basic dances.
Prepare in advance.
If you don't have private browsing on your computer, as some older models don't, you'll have to clear your history and searches.
Box up all the things that they gave you, or that remind you of them.
Dress well.
After you have painted your walls, it is important to have something to hang on them.
Avoid self-criticism.
Increase your confidence.
Start dancing.
Avoid purchasing a phone for irresponsible children.
Focus on what you love about your family.
Do not compare yourself.
Find some words of wisdom and live by them.
Choose how you want to get revenge.
Get some shoes like Vans, Converse, air walks, moccasins, plain boots (no spikes or anything) flip flops, simple high heels, and pumps.
Go to the police if there are extreme threats.
Talk to your parents!.
Look people in the eyes.
Make an effort to do kind things for your sister.
Take care of your hygiene.
Have him eating out of your hand.
Exfoliate gently by using a sponge or a loofah.
Have passion.
Try DIY craft tutorials to get creative and express yourself.
Find out what you like - your interests and hobbies.
Read a book every once in a while.
Move slowly.
Don’t be a bystander.
Do small things to help others.
Ask them if you can hang out again.
Confront the bully.
Don't be discouraged.
Have a popular boyfriend, such as the captain of the football team, or have the cool class president as a friend.
Don't reveal too much.
Understand the risks and rewards of media involvement.
Pack a dressing gown and slippers.
Start saving up for even more money to buy stuff for charity.
Be clever, but not obviously.
Learn well.
Establish your market.
Consider getting your ears pierced.
Try to be involved in a lot of different things.
Listen to your teachers.
Work at the family business.
Use light therapy.
You'll have to listen a lot, too.
Keep a record.
You are you and don't let that change.
Talk to a counselor, if possible.
Don't freak out.
Take advantage of the lavatory line.
Have good oral hygiene.
Be good to the school administration.
Spread the word about the event.
Always try to think outside the box.
Act casual and be yourself.
If your parents get up a lot in the middle of the night and check the locks, make sure you lock the door behind you and bring a key with you so you can get back in.
Repeat again for the next day, and every day after that!.
Get a lift home, and be sure to thank the driver for coming to get you.
Jump-start your knowledge.
Deodorize your locker with a hanging air freshener.
Look for a part-time job.
Always do the homework and always turn it in on time.
Change your passwords.
Write down any questions or concerns you have.
Don't neglect your aged friends.
Find resources for children.
Use lip gloss or light lipstick.
Don't talk about a girl's body parts with her or your friends.
When you're done your shower moisturize.
The Actual Day.
Try new activities with your friends.
Save your change!.
Mind your table manners.
Write her a letter.
Take a walk or bike ride around your neighborhood if you want to explore.
Talk to a teacher or trusted adult.
Theme your lesson plans towards the number 100.
Go over the eyelids in the same black eyeshadow as you used before.
Do your chores.
React well if they say no.
Have someone else edit your speech and give you feedback.
Avoid letting your emotions get the best of you.
Ask her some questions.
Talk to your friends.
Express to your parents why you really want the camera.
Give your sibling space.
Talk to your dad or your brother!.
Remember the friends who have been there from the start.
Don't ignore each other.
Wear a business casual outfit.
Make friends with people who have similar interests.
Let her know you’re thinking about her from time to time throughout the day.
Be your authentic self!.
Talk to your parents about your need for personal space.
Hydrate your body.
Choose the right time.
Compromise if you need to.
Rub on a green tea lotion.
Engage in healthy competition.
Introduce yourself to new people and be yourself.
Write your name neatly on each of your books.
Go to meet ups connected to things you are interested in.
Copy possible answers onto the label of a water bottle.
Respect jam bands.
Take the relationship at the pace that feels comfortable to both of you.
The will to change things in order to make more money is a must.
Reach out to a teacher or other trusted professional.
Do your part to maintain the budget.
Keep your public flirting focused on one person.
Let your locker dry for a few minutes.
Do not pop your pimple.
Set and enforce healthy boundaries with friends and family members.
Don’t blame your sibling for everything.
Shop vintage.
Look at the politicians of today and yesterday.
Try to see things from their perspective.
Go to a friend's house the night before your appointment or the day of, so you will not have to go to it.
Plan one day per week to relax.
Get rid of everything that you have thought up or 'rehearsed' in your head.
Remove your makeup every night.
Go ahead and ask.
Set aside time to be social.
Try new activities.
Go on Google or Bing and search for fun topics that you are interested in.
Click "Search" in the bottom left corner when you're done.
Gain confidence.
Always ask for help if there is a need for it after receiving an assignment.
Develop your own style - don't worry about following certain trends (although being a follower isn't a bad thing), just wear what you like and what you feel confident in.
Compliment her early in the exchange.
Apply topical medications before makeup.
Develop an understanding of your self worth.
Express your interest.
Assume good faith (don't jump to conclusions) about people who may insult you.
Write properly.
Earn money to pay for what you want.
Make sure you offer to pay, if you don't it will make your date feel obligated to pay for you which is a MAJOR turn off.
Be strong if she answers in the negative.
Call a help line.
Be dependable.
Ask for help from your family and friends so you don't feel alone.
Set the day aside to spend with her.
Research the prices of your ingredients and equipment.
Combine your cleanser and moisturizer with oral antibiotics.
Wash your hair.
Seek medical attention if a blackhead becomes infected.
Sample early, then narrow down.
Set firm boundaries with others.
Don't be shy!.
Help your friend find professional resources.
Ask her out on a date.
Talk to your siblings or parents about taking your money.
Pick out your clothes the night before, or even sooner.
Get professional help if you can't move on after 4 to 6 weeks.
Strut down the catwalk.
Act casual but reassuring if you are walking back to class with your classmate.
React appropriately.
Avoid blaming yourself if you’re rejected.
Read the Bible.
Drink lots of water.
Take notes.
Don't stress out about getting the shift/ meeting someone/having your first kiss.
Stand straight.
Give him an unusual compliment.
Review your portfolio at least once a year and rebalance your investments.
Write down things that have to do with dates.
Reflect on any verbal abuse you have suffered.
Talk to your child about being safe in the garden.
Get the latest accessories.
Keep your social media account information safe.
Listen to his perspective when you have a disagreement.
Try not to dread comments.
Sign up for a study abroad project.
Be (somewhat) unavailable.
Wear comfortable, loose clothes.
Learn the art of test taking.
Try an acidic home remedy.
Be sure to wash off your makeup, if possible, before going to bed.
Wear your favorite outfit.
Prepare as much as possible during the day or the night beforehand.
Top your outfit off with some shades for extra swagger.
Give everything a place to go when he doesn't need it.
Work together to figure out how to resolve the issue.
Wear something comfortable.
If you like to draw or make up stories in your free time or while waiting for the bus, keep an "extra folder" for all your papers.
Let the argument go.
Be a kind, thoughtful and nice person.
If you become confused, frustrated, or upset while working on your problems, stop again and clear your mind, practicing your deep breathing.
Take her on dates.
Join activities where you have to go outdoors or learn survival skills.
Browse the Internet to see what is available that suits your needs.
Act out a scene from your favorite movie.
Spend time talking with people who are older than you to gain wisdom.
Give some thought to the future.
Work on your inner beauty.
Get to know your teachers.
Make sure your ambitions are your own.
Have your own unique style.
Spend time together talking, hanging out, and being romantic.
Add a small purse for special or delicate products.
If you just want to be friends, hang out with him more.
Sleep for at least 8 hours each night.
Get some good new pens, pencils, erasers, sharpener, ruler, correcting white-out, which are all very essential for your next grade.
Eat healthy snacks between meals and before exercising.
Be careful with the food.
Form a study group with other students in your class.
Do other chores.
Distract yourself from your appearance.
Cook them dinner.
Read, write, and learn!.
Be outgoing.
Play games on your phone.
Make time to laugh.
Take steps to stop that behavior from happening in the future.
Know that boys will probably like talking to you.
Map out your classes early in your high school career.
Wake up earlier than you think you need to, and follow your usual routine.
Make sure the skin on your face and body is pimple and acne free.
Take a look at your diet.
Add electronics.
Talk to your child about their feelings.
Don't be part of the fight.
Get to know the person just a little better before you get too worked up about them - you never know, you might dislike them once you know them better!.
Use prayer.
Get involved in activities outside of class.
Get a tattoo or piercings if you like the way they look.
Get a part-time job.
Find out the theme of the party.
Keep private things private.
Present the issue to your boyfriend.
Get enough sleep.
Do not shove all papers into your backpack; this will make a mess and you will not be able to find anything you need!.
Limit your time on social media.
Paint your nails a dark color to complete your look.
Check out a forum if you want to chat.
Ask simple questions.
Greet the deaf kid you want to befriend.
Recognize when parents play favorites because of your identity.
Once everyone is exhausted and some people want to leave, turn off the music and suggest a massive Truth or Dare game!.
Get a fresh set of supplies, if needed.
Get help immediately if your friend mentions suicide.
Block your ex on social media.
Make your own pencil cases, laptop cases, backpacks, etc., using materials already available at home.
Cut him loose.
Surprise your partner with a nice dinner, a gift, or a weekend away.
Do well in school.
Apply lotion when you get out of the shower.
Apply skin toner to close your pores, and clean out excess oil from the skin.
Tell her directly if you’re into her and say what you like about her.
Keep in mind they may be nervous too.
Call, text, or email them once you are on the bus.
Make him laugh.
Make sure that your crush/the boy is going to the dance.
Provide a good more conveniently than it is currently being provided.
Give them time to improve.
Ask for his number.
Act cool.
If you have wooden floors, stay close to the walls.
Above all, stay calm and mature.
Tell the teacher that a study group has formed.
Research prices and shop around, once 95 percent of the money is tucked away.
Find like-minded people.
Try a mohawk or fauxhawk for a punk-inspired Goth vibe.
Let the adult know you have something important to tell them.
Avoid fighting with your siblings.
Add studs.
Come up with an idea!.
Ask questions to keep the conversation going.
Tell them.
Perform self-care.
Take on extra responsibilities.
Make good decisions about making friends.
Tease him a little to start a conversation.
Be strong.
Ask him about his interests.
Prioritize your time with her over other friendships.
Be well groomed.
Show your children you trust them with a cell phone.
Don't be late.
Get rid of your skirts and dresses (unless they are school uniform) when/if you can and want to.
Get a good sewing machine.
Store loose papers in a folder that stays in your locker on the shelf.
Tie it all together and bam!.
Put on the strobe lights if you have them and put all the necessary items on all the tables, when it comes to the night of the pajama jam.
Be ready for your period.
Avoid using a new relationship as a distraction.
Think about what you want in your high school.
Clean up after yourself and put everything away.
Brush your hair thoroughly and make sure to get rid of all the knots.
Pay close attention to the teacher and what they are saying.
Learn about how birth control works.
Know the types of proof coins.
Apologize for an account hack.
Focus on the countdown.
Create connections between friends.
Play again in the park with your friend.
Take only what you need.
Tell your parents you have been researching diverse religions.
Ask him questions about his hobbies and interests.
Sit your parents down to have a serious talk.
Do work in intervals of time.
Eat a quick but healthy breakfast.
Get the cyst removed.
Change your workspace.
Maintain perspective.
Clean your pet.
Set up your calendar.
Eat delicious, organic foods that were grown locally without pesticides.
Shoes.
On the second day, you might want to sleep in since you're going to be up late.
Listen to what he has to say.
Close your eyes.
Take a shower to wake yourself up.
Realize that you can’t change her, and you shouldn’t want to.
Avoid inappropriate nicknames.
Observe this girl.
Under assignments list the chores/work you want them to complete such as: Read 30 minutes, Develop Talent 30 Minutes, Room is Clean & Tidy, Daily Jurisdiction, Good Turn, See It - Do It, All Homework Completed, Sweat for 30 Minutes, Dishwasher Loaded and Turned On, etc.
Always leave him wanting more.
Line up alternative activities.
View yourself as a strong individual.
If they persist, visit your doctor.
Be friends with other Christian people.
Wash your fabrics.
Be charming.
Study.
Pay attention to nonverbal cues to tell if she's romantically interested in you.
Read; find books, CDs, movies:.
Cardigans and sweater vests are essential for any indie girl wardrobe.
Let others know if you're studying at home.
Change how you respond and converse with people while masquerading as your new identity.
Understand when therapy is necessary.
For sensitive skin: It is harmful for your skin to use any cleanser because they contain a lot of chemicals and for sensitive skin you don't want that, Use a natural cleanser, Take half a cup of cold milk.
Do a Casual Caress.
Do fun things that make you laugh.
Make sure you have a the school supplies and materials you know you will need for the upcoming school day.
Invest in housing.
Do not go overboard.
Help them practice their sport.
Avoid flirting with her friends!.
Buy a plain black denim jacket and put patches of your favorite metal bands on it, as well as spikes, studs, and pins!.
Decorate the box if you are hiding it.
Try creative options to encourage your child to eat.
Organize a group hangout as a chill way to hang out together if they like you.
Execute the plan.
Start creating your posters.
Ask them to hang out as friends.
Get Involved Socially.
Realize that teachers will try to talk you into things.
Hold your sleepover in a large area where you usually hang out with your friends.
Consider moving, or making some other big change.
If you find out he's not interested in you, don't sweat it.
Offer support.
Let each instance of annoyance go.
Require Sleeping Bags.
Sell something.
Have him chase you.
Watch for a smile.
Develop your own personal style.
Create a budget if you have a lot of outgoing costs each week.
Remain calm.
Go for drives.
Makeovers!.
Ask your parents how old/mature they think you should be to date.
Turn your computer off when it is not being used.
Think about who you've told before.
Think about what you’ll say beforehand so you feel more prepared.
Never discriminate against people.
Sketch out your goals for adult life.
Get a daily or weekly planner.
Offer reassurance in the hallway.
Cut your nails regularly.
Eat a healthy diet with three meals a day.
If you had homework for some reason, do it, if you haven't already.
Prioritize comfort.
Occupy yourself when clueless classmates talk.
Jokingly give him a hard time.
Always be tanned.
Show your appreciation to your high school teachers.
Respect your sibling’s personal space and privacy.
Encourage your child to choose kindness over popularity.
Create your own clique.
See a therapist if you’re struggling to find peace.
Help with household chores.
Don't act or dress any differently.
Carry less supplies.
Avoid blaming yourself or thinking that you’re not good enough.
Determine the amount of space you have available for the kit.
Brush off bullies (and don’t be a bully).
Own the attitude.
Don't cry in front of them.
Watch out people who bully fellow students.
If you're an upperclassmen couple, be mature.
Ask your school’s administration for permission to organize a cleaning event.
Ensure your pillow isn't oily.
Pick a room for the sleepover and begin cleaning.
Meet other people who are like you.
Participate in school events, whenever possible.
Make a good impression with your teachers on the first day.
Be active and fit.
Ask yourself what kind of life you want to lead.
Try One-Person Family Therapy (OPFT).
Show them the value.
Remain calm while listening to their objections.
When he DOES get in contact with you, does he say you're annoying or "Don't talk to me" or "Stop texting me".
Stop caring what people think.
Encourage your kids to keep a summer journal.
Get changed into a casual, but cute outfit.
Treat other people politely and respectfully.
Don't think or worry too much about your period.
Use your manners.
Talk about her instead of yourself.
See if you're starting to feel more attracted to other people.
Make nutritious swaps instead of cutting out foods completely.
Kiss.
Do things you love.
Refrain from intoxicants, such as alcohol, illegal drugs, and tobacco products.
Get enough rest after school.
Avoid chavs at school.
Enunciate and speak clearly.
Heat the lock-up to melt ice if you're in a cold area.
Talk with an adult or authority figure.
Decide whether you are a Racist Chav or Chav trying to fake being of black descent.
Talk to people!.
Don't ask for their advice unless you really want it.
Cut out bad friends.
Have a clean, organized desk.
Quirks and Hobbies.
Use oil-free makeup.
Look for hints that they like you back.
Do the make-up.
Apply powder foundation to achieve a pale appearance.
Hold a garage sale to sell all of your unwanted stuff.
Flirt with random girls.
Make her feel special.
Know what you need to put in it.
Flirt with your eyes to the guy.
Learn what your teachers are about.
Get assistance.
Place mementos and awards throughout the room where she can see them.
Stop viewing this person as your crush.
Rinse your face several times with warm water, don't use boiling water.
Make friends with his friends.
Speak with a confident voice.
Get it all out.
Work on an assignment.
Have cute clothes.
Prepare the food.
Learn as much as you possibly can while you're still young.
Have fruits and vegetables with that you can eat as a snack if your friends starting tucking into cookies or ice cream.
Decide what you believe in.
Come straight out with it.
Keep up a clean, hygienic appearance.
Be thoughtful and considerate.
Be patient when waiting for replies.
Clean regularly!.
Realize that your sibling may want something from you.
Call your parents weekly.
Collect parents unwanted change and save it up in a jar.
Stay clean.
Tell another adult.
Wash and scrub walls.
Socialize with everyone in class- if in school.
Schedule nights out with your friends.
Surprise her with thoughtful gifts or flowers to remind her how you feel.
Give her small gifts as you get closer.
Go to your nearby shop and buy all the things you listed.
Be genuine.
Pamper them.
Hang out with friends and family members for support and positive interaction.
Attend class every day.
Watch TV and go to the movies.
Giggle for your health.
Have yummy snacks available throughout the night.
Freeze gel or ice packs overnight.
Focus on other things.
Set your Bluetooth to “non-discoverable.” Although your phone’s Bluetooth isn’t as easy to hack into as a wireless network, hackers can still use it to access your phone remotely when they’re in range.
Make contacts.
If he/she is interested in you, you might notice them looking at you a lot, or staring.
Whiten your teeth by brushing with hydrogen peroxide everyday for a week then, twice a week to maintain.
Take things slow so you seem more mature.
Treat women respectfully.
Live life to the fullest!.
Plan to begin having occasional more frequent erections and wet dreams.
You are not obligated to discuss or provide a lengthier explanation of why you do not want to date someone.
Keep oily things away from your face.
Be calm and reassuring.
Use a pad.
Write/text/email things to them every day, about how much you love them.
Document incidents of subtle bullying.
Think about what you are looking for in a house.
Demand change.
Offer her a hug.
Apply pretty and appropriate makeup.
Put everything together in your bag, if you used one.
Have friends walk with you to the bus stop.
Read ahead the night before class.
Start interesting, unique conversations with him to get to know him better.
Find out exactly what you believe in.
Hang out with your other friends for a positive distraction.
Have plenty of snacks and drinks available.
Participate in activities.
Start your music collection.
Position the extractor properly.
Stay under control.
Walk dogs or pet sit if you like animals.
Be personable and approachable.
Get your sleeping back on track.
Plan the prices.
Go for long runs of 2 to 6 miles (3.2 to 9.7 km).
Think about the consequences.
Start off blunt.
Talk with another trusted adult.
Observe your new friends: Observing your new friends will not only help you to know their likes or dislikes but a lot more about them.
Try to control your emotions in school.
Explain to your friends about why you sometimes have to have apparently unhealthy snacks.
Spend a little time with each other before you make any decisions.
Consider the ills of conformity and maintaining a "front".
Get a pencil pouch (the kind and snaps in your binder rings) for each binder.
Forgive yourself if you feel like you made a mistake.
Remember that unlike the rest of your grades, you will have done nothing to earn it.
Pay attention to her in a group.
Just be yourself.
Play riddle hide-and-seek.
Sell handmade or craft items at school, if this is allowed.
Ask what would help her the most.
Write book reviews.
Maintain good oral hygiene and breath.
When you take something out of it's place, put it back.
Try the spontaneous approach.
Refrain from having sex.
Help them when they need you.
Cut off the sleeves of about half or two thirds of your black T-shirts.
Reverse your attitude.
Try something new.
Get a facial.
Maintain contact with your friends.
On the slightly flimsy paper that's the front of the Sales Order Book, fill it out exactly the same way you completed the "Cardboard Backing Sheet".
Be careful.
Do something nice for your sibling to show you love and care for them.
Give each other space.
Visualize working on your goal for motivation.
Schedule time to unwind.
Arrange all your stuff on your shelves, like cuddly toys, ornaments, books and even have a makeup/body shelf at the top for all your body sprays, eyeshadow pallets, nail polishes and make up tins.
Do some research.
Look for challenges that will make you grow.
Offer a nice comment to your host or hostess if offered a drink or dish that you do not like.
Get a nice haircut.
Smile at him on seeing him in the hallway- just a glance, doesn't have to be a big grin.
Now go out and fix what you don't like about yourself (that you can)!.
Communicate.
Obtain your Sales Order Book and have the "Cardboard Backing Sheet" folded over to the top.
Practice flirting on guys you don't know and ones that you most likely will not see again.
Wear comfortable clothes.
Don’t lead them on if you don’t like them back.
Find things you can enjoy doing together.
Invest in a few pairs of tight jeans.
Accessorize your outfits with bold pieces.
Remember that it’s not your fault.
Don’t dwell on the teasing.
Choose the right snacks.
Identify why you like this boy.
Pick someone you don't know who happens to be alone to engage in a conversation.
The night before your first day of school, gather your school materials, pick out an outfit, and set your alarm before everyone else in the home wakes up.
See about finding another source of money next time.
Try to open up as you meet new people.
Dress in things that make you happy.
Decide who is your target group for your product/service for whom you can fulfill a need.
Make sure that your hair is clean and you have styled it nicely.
Keep in mind this is a work in progress.
Don't forget your bedroom.
Sit.
Now, just hope for the best!.
Give her reasons to be reminded of you.
Talk to her about the movie.
Check the sale ads and see if any the items on your list are on special.
Blot excess oil from your skin.
Observe the area that you currently live in.
If needed, tell the administrators in school.
Choose wisely.
Stay away from their social media.
Tag your crush in a funny or interesting post so they can comment on it.
Be friendly and nice to him.
Become friends with the boy.
Go to the source of the problem.
Start behaving.
Transform acquaintances into friendships.
Purchase a binder and/or folders.
Decorate  the rooms a bit to provide the theme for the party and sleeping areas.
Fill your calendar with fun plans to distract yourself.
Go to a higher authority (your principal, boss, or whatever) if you feel threatened.
Talk to your parents or an adult at home.
Initiate a date.
Consider your interests.
Help your parents sell off valuables they don't need anymore.
See if he gives you a gift.
Remember that normal doesn't exist.
Accept that this is a transition.
Start canning, drying, and preserving your own food.
Consider what’s most important.
Anticipate needs and solve problems, even if they don't affect you.
Be kind.
Find ways to de-stress.
Find shelter.
Natural Hipsters.
Try volunteer work.
Be honest with yourself.
Be an  active listener.
Say something positive about yourself every day.
Explain the who, what, when and where of you and dating.
Spend time with friends and family so he feels like he’s chasing you.
Talk to someone if you feel anxious about school.
Let it all out.
Keep notes of things.
Eat right to combat anxiety.
Let her see you with other girls during the day.
Take assertiveness training.
Repair or set up computers, or be a computer tutor.
Don't force yourself to change if it feels wrong.
Accept it and move on if your crush doesn’t like you back.
Keep on being yourself.
Encourage your friends to make healthy choices.
Carefully submit any photos of yourself.
Tutor younger students.
Look nice.
Keep your face hygenic.
Read up on some of the sports you'll be learning in class.
Sell stuff.
Spit on the floor.
Be polite and courteous.
Don't give up just because you don't like something.
Create a mini first-aid case.
Come up with budget to help manage your money.
Refuse communication.
Shower often to keep clean and fresh.
Read.
Pick an activity that you both enjoy, here are some examples:.
Understand that your parent may never change.
Volunteer.
Start off with what music you listen to.
Have an escape route.
Defend yourself.
Ask questions!.
Apologize to the teacher.
Be very organized!.
Relax your body and mind.
Explain budgeting to your child.
Find authorized places where to learn and practice playing chess with others.
Study for tests and exams.
Be approachable, but don't be a doormat.
Make sure you have your things ready for school the night before so you won't be late.
Surround yourself with friends.
Get comfortable with yourself.
Wear a watch.
Investigate online presence.
Have an opinion.
Tell everyone the same story.
Look for role models.
Have something to make you want to come to school.
Avoid  the sounds.
Engage in a favorite activity.
Decide whether it is accurate.
Avoid foods that may trigger pimples.
Ask her a simple question.
Research goth history.
Spot the warning signs.
Wipe the area with alcohol.
Decide whether your friendship is worth saving after you’ve had time to think.
Partake in international events.
Think about whether you want to go to college.
Play with toys.
Have a good time with everything you do.
Ask for a phone number.
Avoid arguing with your family members.
Spray a lubricant on the key if it doesn't turn in the lock.
Decorate or have party favors that match your marathon theme.
Keep a positive attitude.
Recognize that the law is on your side when it comes to bullying.
Reconnect more consistently when the time is right.
Use tomato.
Put on cosmetics if you are wearing any.
Don't feel like you have to be brilliant or novel-worthy to catch the eye of your brainy beauty.
First, organize the Pre-Shopping Sleepover!.
Don't let anything bug (bother) you or bring you down.
Have cool style.
Show your excitement around Apple products.
Talk to your school administrators.
Ask, “How can I help someone by doing this?.
Try to see things from their point of view.
Don't say "everyone else is doing it".
Be gentle.
Be cute on the first date.
Find a place that makes you want to study.
Do household chores if you like cleaning.
Bring a glass or plastic bottle to reuse at school and everywhere else you may go.
If you have a desk that are all pushed together, put random bits of paper all over the inside of your desk.
Find out if your band can play the song.
Use open body language to appear approachable.
Try the moving in approach.
Use your voice.
Boost your own self-esteem.
Wear some cute clothes that compliment your figure.
Make your time in the busy schedule for your parents.
Don't get worried if you can't sleep.
All relationships have to start somewhere, say "hey!".
Decide whether friendship is in everyone's best interest.
Fancy up your nails.
Increase your Vitamin D intake.
Use "process talk" to explain that you have something important to say.
Put blusher on your cheeks.
Wait until it’s just the two of you alone.
Add shelving.
Do not reveal personally identifiable information such as:.
Clean your room.
Repeat regularly.
Keep a planner.
Pack for Feminine Emergencies: Alright, you got your period during B period....what to do?.
Make a list of reasons why you should be able to do this.
Learn about the guy's interest and use it as a topic.
Be interested in your classmates, when you talk to them try to evoke positive emotions this way when they see you they will experience that emotion.
Tell the girl how you feel about her so she knows that you’re interested.
Act as if he is just one of your regular friends that you know.
If you don't already, start eating breakfast every morning.
Be active.
Ask about over-the-counter treatments for stubborn blackheads.
Shower every night or morning.
Think about how your relationship might change.
Give your girl presents.
Use trial and error.
Finally when you wake up and everybody else is awake, you can ask your mom or dad to make everyone breakfast.
Deal with prejudice at school gracefully.
Make up excuses for why you don't have any pictures.
Make jokes and be funny.
Be yourself and stay who you are.
Live your life so that people will know the rumour is not true.
Know how to ask her out.
Remember, boys are just as nervous as you are.
Determine if you have cystic acne.
Remove broken keys or anything else you see stuck in the lock.
Wear breathable clothes.
Reach out to your support group.
Stay in while interacting via social media.
Hang out with friends and family.
Don't let them manipulate you.
Make sure you look confident and smell good.
Join a club or special interest group.
Spend some time alone to relax and take care of yourself.
If she texts you first, Don't take to long to respond but don't respond right away that will make you seem needy.
Include appetizing sides to whatever your main lunch item is.
Create a name for your business.
Consider whether he ever flirts with you.
Eat a healthy diet full of whole grains, fruits, and vegetables.
Tell someone in authority.
Keep your papers organized in your bag or locker.
Taking risks is not a good plan, but there is no need to be afraid to try new things.
Look at genres which get confused as "emo" and "goth".
Help your neighbors with odd jobs if they need it.
Lock your den to prevent random strangers entering.
If she responds well to all of these, great!.
Help them with problems.
Help with the feeding.
Don't tell everyone about anything bad you did at your old school.
Develop new interests.
Before starting a conversation with him, smile when he looks at you whenever you happen to lock eyes.
Try making your own music.
Ask yourself, “What do I love doing so much that I would pay to do it?” Imagine that it is Saturday afternoon and you have nothing to do.
Compliment him!.
Be you.
Tell your story.
Emphasize that you’re a team.
Use meditation as a coping technique.
Finally, the MAKEUP!.
Know the risks.
Plan electives and extracurriculars in advance.
Have an online presence recognized by both sides.
Put together a photo album.
Password protect It.
Always have backup supplies!.
Use what you already have in your closet.
Be your best self around her.
Break off the make-out session if it gets too hot for either of you to handle.
Respect your teachers.
Support and cheer on your friends.
Understand the physical recovery process.
Talk to a trusted friend about your family problems.
Join activities.
Consider how you feel about yourself.
Play pretend.
Set up some good food.
Write down all your sleepover ideas.
Attend church.
Make sure that you actually know the girl.
Engage them in idle chatter as you walk.
Make sure to wash your face each night, and if you want, gently cleanse it each morning to keep it extra clean, but make a routine so you don't wash it too much.
Spend quality time with your friends.
Wash your face twice a day with a mild soap or cleanser.
Visit record stores and ask for suggestions on what to listen to.
Avoid making comparisons.
Drink cans of Coke in the street (even better Stella) and eat a bar of chocolate or crisps for snack time if you're at school.
Do your part at home.
Make sure you have enough credits to graduate.
Keep your firewall turned on.
Avoid cursing.
Don't Forget Your Supply List or Supply Shopping Money.
Take initiative.
Avoid spending a ton of money on clothes.
Flirt - not obnoxiously, but just enough for the hottie to wonder if you like him.
Be a friend.
Listen to harder-hitting music, and avoid light pop.
Take part in medical tests and surveys.
When something is taught to you, and a doubt or question arises don't hesitate to ask.
Keep interactions mature.
Talk to all of your old friends and acquaintances normally, whether they know about your embarrassment or not, act like it didn't happen and so will they.
Apply a light coat of white-either blush or eyeshadow-to the face.
Gain allies whenever possible.
Check that the items are in good to excellent condition.
Decorate the locker to suit your interests!.
Be hygienic.
Be bold and reject the first offer your lender offers you.
Have a positive attitude.
Offer to pay for gas.
Exercise and eat healthy.
Stay alert so you can hear people coming.
Talk to trusted mutual friends if you are unsure whether he is a friend or something more.
Pack clean clothes and underwear for the next day!.
Use your common sense!.
Make sure you will have enough space for your backpack and books.
Attend the open house or orientation.
Discover what the high school in your new district has to offer.
Adjust your sleep cycle by increments.
Talk about safe subjects at first.
Build a den.
Learn how to get ready for a date.
Once you're completely dressed, your hair and makeup are done to your perfection, put on some body spray or perfume.
Don't be a poser or fake.
Move and clean your rugs.
Cope with rejection.
Consider talking with a counselor.
Be mysterious.
Work together on a list of nutritious lunch options.
Hug.
Give her time to deal with the breakup.
Once you've done the weed out, invite your parents in so they can check your good work, and then you carefully bag up the donations and the trash, and box the off-season things for storage.
Make a video.
Know what you’ll need.
Make new friends and cherish old ones.
Try dermaplaning.
Take on more responsibility for yourself.
Wear perfume.
Go to the Louvre without leaving your bed.
You are beautiful, no matter who you are, and what you look like!.
Draw, even if you think it's childish.
Understand that becoming the person may seem difficult but it is not.
Recognize that spanking is illegal in some (but not all) areas.
Wash and condition your hair.
Connect with other independent artists.
Get approved.
Remember that you have friends to talk to at school, and if you have had a bad past with some people and want to be friends with them, just talk to them and forget about the past.
Keep oil off your face.
Condition opposite responses to negative thoughts.
Apply for government programs for help.
Design or set up websites.
Immerse yourself in positive transgender media.
Consider how this could affect your relationship with your parents.
Visit a specialist if your acne persists or is severe.
Carry writing utensils with you.
Moisturize your skin.
Introduce it to fellow classmates and family, not with too much pressure though.
Follow up with your mom.
Get an app for writing.
Meet people.
Figure out what hours are best.
Offer friendly favors.
Be earnest.
Start the transfer process as soon as you know you’re moving.
Avoid bragging.
Make an interesting sandwich.
Think of your own fashion.
Cover someone's room with celebrity pictures.
When you're on your social networking site, and he asks for homework or something like that, say, "I have to get off, but what's your number?.
Learn to listen.
Be strong in the face of their disagreement.
Maintain your grades and try to be a good student.
Get to know each baby's personality.
Be yourself so you can have good self-esteem.
Decide if your child wants to be in sports, if so what sport is it?.
See how long you can go without blinking.
Use positive self-talk with yourself.
Be aware of certain skincare products.
Make a schedule and follow it.
Know that there is no specific "attitude.".
Visit and call them when you're older or far apart.
Make the first move.
Be part of the solution, not the problem.
You need energy drinks, Mountain Dew, Pepsi -- anything that has caffeine in it so that you will stay buzzed.
Pat your face dry with a clean, soft towel.
Be nice to your crush.
Have three cute, cool outfits with you.
Pick your shoes.
Prepare a change of clothes.
Go back to being friends.
Avoid being overly direct about your feelings toward your crush.
Try not to get on top of anyone if creeps people out.
Take it easy and expect a slow but steady recovery.
Look for a few additional items you might not be used to taking to class with you.
Pick a good location.
Receive your diploma.
Talk to a friend.
Walk dogs.
Get a mirror to go in your locker On the inside of your door, stick it there.
Get in touch with all of the big social networking sites; Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, etc.
If you have a base coat, put it on both hands now.
Describe your feelings to her.
Put your things on high shelves or in locked drawers so he can't reach them.
Show him that you don't need him in your life.
Develop a personal style.
Dim the light.
Learn how to become organized.
Be assertive if your siblings lie about your actions.
Set up a DIY photo booth.
Evaluate if they have lied to you or others to get what they want.
Buy a binder and folders!.
Change your hairstyle.
Spend time with people who uplift you.
Go to festivals where your favorite indie bands are playing.
Be beautiful.
Start reading.
Open Twitter's website.
Take school seriously.
Stick up for what you believe in!.
Offer to make a deal.
Tease her gently.
Put your phone away.
Have fun and be nice.
Makeup should never be caked on.
Use the Internet and apps to meet interesting locals.
Send him a note or text if you're feeling shy.
Understand the risks.
Familiarize yourself and meet school crediting requirements.
Watch some movies.
Understand that you have the right to your romantic relationships like other students.
Act chivalrously, remembering your manners.
Plan to catch up on sleep the next day.
Decorate your invitation.
Discuss birth control, even if it’s uncomfortable or you don’t know how.
Talk to your teachers.
Be brave enough to ask her out.
Ask her.
Leave your escape method in place for you to sneak back in.
Lastly, be yourself!.
Accept your parents’ answer.
Wear cute, designer clothes.
Brainstorm.
Take good care of yourself during the healing process.
Always smile.
Dry the hand that you just took out (with towel).
Don’t assume you deserve your treatment.
Use flash cards.
Find a way to move forward.
Offer to make dinner.
Leverage your existing networks to find people who live near you.
Ignore your ex's verbal comments.
Send a copy of the song to your DJ.
Don't clean up for your sibling.
Find out what she would never ask for.
Go to bed at a reasonable time the night before.
Start acting more mature.
Allow your siblings to be there for you too.
Practice  your "look.".
Like yourself.
Work to improve yourself in areas that you both value.
Listen to his tone and words.
Observe dress codes.
Wait for a few months and pay your monthly mortgage payments regularly by that time.
Be wary of popular kids.
Try your hand at canning and jam-making.
Create storage space.
Take everything out of your hiking pack.
Encourage reading times together as a family.
Accept that you can't be attracted to everyone.
Pay attention to their response.
Participate in a focus group.
Arrange a school tour.
Watch for ways they are trying to 'fool' you.
Mention that since blanket sleepers provide adequate warmth, each party guest shouldn't need to bring any other sleeping items.
Ask for a friend's help.
Make your own stencil.
Prepare beforehand whenever possible.
Ensure that your friends are nice to her.
Avoid texting too many times without a response.
Get involved in the school community to make new friends.
Say you're sorry.
Avoid nicknames that are hard to remember or pronounce.
Play fun things everyone will enjoy.
Set a goal weight.
Ask your friend to tell him that you like him.
Reflect with your parents/guardian about the day.
Take threats of suicide seriously.
Date someone new.
Keep your guests entertained, right?.
Decorate your locker (optional).
Know when to seek further help.
Use your words, not your fists.
List as many bands as you can under "music" as you can.
Tell your siblings they can come to you with their problems.
Practice thought saturation.
Buy used, electronic, or out-of-copyright textbooks.
Have correct posture.
Bend your elbows so that your arm forms an L-shape.
Apply pressure upward.
Begin talking to him to develop a sense of comfort between the two of you.
Play a card/board game!.
Give your crush a compliment to let them know what you like about them.
Thank your teachers.
Find out from a friend.
Enjoy the anticipation.
Know what looks good on you.
Notice whether or not you talk about your crush a lot.
Focus on learning and doing well in school.
Exercise for 30 minutes every day to boost your health and self-esteem.
Alter your diet if you notice certain foods cause acne flareups.
Love being you.
Befriend them online first, if you haven't already.
Rinse your face with cool water.
Be persistent.
Whether you've played softball before or you are the star on your travel team, know that anyone can make the team.
Don't let your new Internet identity affect your 'normal' life.
Talk to everyone everyday.
Avoid the use alcohol or drugs.
Try using aromatherapy to prevent and manage stomach aches.
Accept that you're different.
Decide if you girls are going to try to pull an all nighter, where you stay up all night playing games and having a whole lot of fun!.
Make small talk when you see the girl you like.
Tell a trusting adult.
Don't be otherwise intense or overwhelming in any way, shape or form.
Keep tabs on how often he texts you and interacts via social media.
Ask your dermatologist about microdermabrasion.
Accessorize to be seen.
Avoid picking or popping whiteheads.
Look for copies of the supplies list in the mail.
Get help from a trustworthy friend.
Decorate your treats.
Get a mutual friend to introduce you.
Begin your relaxation routine about an hour before bedtime.
Order pizza by a highly acclaimed pizza delivery service.
Prepare your speech.
Sell your good clothes and shoes that don’t fit anymore.
Feed your pet.
Tie balloons on your mailbox or near your front porch before the party.
You should make sure you have all your supplies ready as well.
Go for an age-appropriate outfit.
Don't make too much eye contact with them.
Plan your budget.
Add key-chains.
Look for the highest coin grades.
Keep secrets.
Pretend that you go to Hogwarts.
Don't take dating too seriously.
Boost their self-esteem.
Be funny and fun to be with.
Use a warm compress or steam to bring your pimple to the surface.
If you don't want to sleep, don't do something that requires a lot of energy, but do something calm, like reading, listening to music or drawing.
If you become profitable, you will need to pay income tax.
Have a race to see who can find their gummy worm first!.
Make sure they don't think you're overdoing it.
Show her some of your favourite videos on YouTube.
Focus on cleaning areas that are often ignored.
Start by setting your alarm clock a little earlier.
Like your crush’s posts on social media so they can see you.
Stay busy with other activities to distract yourself.
Be self accepting.
Expect that people will make fun of you and be mean to you.
Manage stress by engaging in fun activities.
Get a more flattering look.
Say the casual "Hey" to get their attention.
Don't pick your acne or touch the skin on your face.
Hold on to your good memories.
Display your business cards.
Call local law enforcement.
Ask how you can regain their trust.
Promise to learn from your mistakes - and actually do it.
Tab switch when your parents are around.
Ask him out if you think he's going to say yes.
Make a to-do list.
Be confident in what you are wearing.
Try not to fall asleep first.
Deal with your love life.
Find ways to compromise.
Be a supportive team player.
Explain to them that you need your own time.
Once you get to your house, it's now or never!.
Show that you can handle a cell phone by taking care of family electronics.
Focus on minor details around you.
Think about a passion or hobby you both enjoy doing.
Be perfect.
Make sure you're actually running before you try anything else (by officially getting your name on the ballot).
Make recycling look easy and simple by casually dropping your plastic into the school's recycling bin.
Try for a sports team.
Price your merchandise.
Match the length of her messages.
Talk to your doctor about antibiotics.
Draw.
Avoid outing your LGBT+ friend without consent.
Make the most of the time you spend together.
Have good hygiene.
Avoid fashion and brand name products as these tend to be more expensive.
Initiate a different conversation.
Cry (just once).
Learn how to drive when you're old enough.
Go to popular communal spaces frequently to meet locals.
Do not add an email address in your preferences.
Come back in through your front door if possible.
Purchase quality furniture.
Have fashionable accessories!.
Look for someone who does appreciate you.
Pick out your outfit the night before.
Get the haircut.
Remember that this situation is temporary.
Define your weird.
Do side by side activities with him.
Follow the basics properly.
Choose Chelsea boots or desert lace-ups.
Focus on loving your sibling.
Watch out for students that seem to have a problem with authority (police, teachers, principal etc.).
Report the bully to your teacher and school authorities.
Choose a decorative lamp or nightlight.
Know when to quit.
Buy clothes.
Get out of the relationship.
Try to find some half finger, black leather gloves to wear.
Organize a collection program.
Don't say "I love you.".
Say goodbye very nicely and tell her that she is welcome back and that you had a lot of fun.
Share your story with people who can empathize.
Add some honey, water, or yogurt.
Note styles of self-expression.
Care for your appearance.
Ask your parents to help to move your things.
Remember, it will be hard to pull off the Guidette look if you are not Italian!.
Get some cool shoes.
Read for pleasure and not for learning.
Protect your opened pores.
Take time to play.
Meet other teens like you.
Try not to respond with just one word answers like "cool", "haha", or "lol"; it just shows that you don't care what they have just said, even if you really do.
Offer them a bargain.
Always dress for the best!.
Now you have your walls down, work on furniture , add stuff to your room that is inexpensive and you and your friends can use- for example chairs,a table, lamps.....Stuff that a normal guy would have in their room, but make sure you have a theme going with paint on your walls.
Brainstorm song ideas.
Find a creative outlet.
If you are working on a laptop or computer that involves saving things to bring it home and allows you to use headphones, save music onto your USB port from your computer and you can listen to music from there.
Make a book-safe.
Don’t feel pressured to get physical or intimate before you’re ready.
Always have your nails done professionally.
Study these specific types of men: emotional predator, parent seeker, hidden life, emotional unavailability, violent man, mentally ill, has issues with addictions, and the permanent clinger.
Keep complete records, such as making receipts, as the purpose is to make sure you don't get confused by thinking you made $5000 when you only made $150 (after expenses).
Keep a dream journal.
Give her a truthful explanation.
Call 9-1-1.
Visit often.
Hold on to walls or tables to steady your weight onto your arms - the less weight centered on the floor, the less creaking the floors will make.
Get help together.
Develop a signature look.
Take with a full glass of water.
Contact your local state or federal congressperson to ask for support.
Concentrate on school.
Choose a fun lunch bag.
Bring your makeup if you’d like to reapply it after class.
Accept defeat gracefully.
Take the phone away as a means of discipline.
Delete this friend from your contacts, email, phone, etc.
Get pretty nails!.
Pay attention and participate in your classes.
Think about what you're looking forward to, or what you've already done that you really enjoyed.
Get some cute Indie accessories.
Consider the popular person's tendency to judge others regularly.
Shower and use deodorant.
Make an effort to do your work.
Hang out with the guys.
Before you start shopping write a list of essentials.
Do something else big, so that people will talk about that instead of your summer.
Assess your own style.
Give your mom regular grade updates.
Find something worthwhile to do while waiting for customers to come in.
Leave a sweet, genuine note for your partner.
Tell a strongly resistant parent how you seeing a doctor would benefit them.
On the new tab put another boring site like google.
Look for a part-time job somewhere close to home if you’re under 16.
Practice voluntary stuttering.
Know who to talk to.
Take short breaks.
Enjoy getting their attention.
Give her a hint.
If mom is really reluctant to stray from her old favourites, try to find out why.
Do not be afraid to float.
Ask to go to restroom or media center.
Sit up straight and stretch in your chair.
Take a spare key so you can get in and out of your home.
Some websites are great alternatives for people who don't know how to organize themselves.
Find out if anything has changed in your parents' life.
Wear dark blue clothes to blend in with the shadows.
Get a copy of your high school transcript.
Never, EVER act nervous or obsessed when with the guy.
Invite him along on a group activity, ideally with a mixed group of guys and girls.
Keep your skin hydrated.
Give the child positive attention to help them feel secure around you.
Look forward to an activity you enjoy.
Get transport to the shopping centre nearest you.
Pay attention at the beginning of class.
Choose your pants and shorts.
Be nice to others and to new friends you meet, to people you meet.
Ask how they accept payment.
They are going to say or do something.
Make sure you are dressed in an outfit you find comfortable and attractive.
Wear your hair long and messy for an easy look.
No movies allowed!.
Attend Bible classes and church youth groups as much as possible.
Don't get hung up on others' opinions.
Wear a cool headband.
See if you care more about your appearance.
See a  mental health counselor.
Pick up change on the sidewalk.
Use an astringent.
Start a business like a lemonade stand if you like selling things.
Find a therapist if you’re experiencing ongoing feelings of sadness.
Find something fun to do.
Read your Bible and pray every day.
See if you're having mood swings.
Give him a compliment to set the tone for the conversation.
Decide if you can "not" discuss politics with your parents.
Get physical.
Get an actual pencil case.
Take your pet for a walk.
Load up on grains.
Read books on the commute and before bed.
Be aware of bullying around you.
Organize and develop your writing into an introduction, body and conclusion.
Look up policies on carrying handbags.
Set your own goals.
Collect all of the records that you’ll need to submit to the school.
Plan your outfit for the first day.
Work on making friends with new people.
Talk to your parents.
Walk up to your crush confidently and at a properly timed moment.
Apologize and stop checking her out if she catches you.
If she's nerdy, don't question her nerdiness.
Exercise to boost your mood.
Choose the tomboy style you want to have.
Report the bullying.
Set a date for school shopping to get everything you need.
Take a magazine or book.
Introduce yourself to the girl instead of checking her out.
Address problems in relationships.
Always be yourself.
Avoid looking at the media.
Don't blame them for looking at other girls/guys.
Plan how you will address the aspects of school that you don’t enjoy.
Listen to their concerns and address them.
Get a few items that really reflect who you are.
Maintain separate lives and interests.
Use a respectful tone.
Now, depending on what time you started, it should be around 11:30PM-12:00 AM, so it is now time to sneak downstairs, or just get some caffeine and sugar!.
Encourage her to go outside.
Love your siblings for who they are.
Block senders that have targeted you.
Use an image editor to make them the same width as your box.
Realize that even though other students are focusing on socializing and popularity, academics are the entire reason why you're here.
Definitely don't forget the bathroom.
Stay busy with extracurriculars.
Realize the things that girls love.
Get involved in things.
Stop staring at your crush.
Move away from him.
Allow yourself a treat.
Create a theme.
After the kiss:.
Practice kindness.
Learn to be kind to everyone.
Learn the subgenres and offshoots of emo and goth.When you look at it, emotive hardcore and goth rock are really just one genre.
Conduct a Google search of your full name.
The first thing you need to do is stop worrying, be brave, and learn to go with flow.
Avoid apricot scrubs and plastic microbeads as the former will cause microtears and the latter contributes to environmental pollution and bioaccumulation up the food chain.
Expect erections.
Share snacks and meals.
Strike a bargain with your mom.
Tap General.
String twinkle lights along the ceiling for a fun lighting and art fixture.
Continue the conversation normally, as if you are just talking to a friend.
Make a pencil holder out of crayons.
Address any infringements on your personal choices.
Don't feel like you have to go to a girly party.
Don’t shut out your parents.
Tell your parents.
Don't wait for him forever.
Understand that even if you do pass, it won't be because you worked hard.
Focus on your personal goals instead of on her.
Look for the qualities in your boyfriend’s friends that he appreciates.
Text your crush to keep talking even when you’re apart.
Pay attention in class and try hard in school.
Don't try to act like everyone else.
Define your style.
Get to school early to arrive at your classes on time.
Be patient.
Have friends and hang out with them a lot.
Tap Restrictions.
Reduce, reuse, and recycle.
Wear glasses.
Be direct and honest.
Make a simple chart on your computer or hand drawn.
Learn basic self defense moves.
This is probably the biggest one of all: Does he make you feel good about yourself?.
Plan a day where you do the shared passion or hobby.
Leave slightly early.
Forgive and forget.
Think.
Beware of noise.
Treat your skin gently.
Decide on what you are going to say.
Have a good sense of humor.
When you think that you and your new friend are close enough to take it to the next level, go ahead and map her realize you like her.
Schedule fun activities with your brother.
Give a graduation party toast.
Drink a glass of ice water every time you snack.
Think about your lifestyle.
Tell the person to stop.
Come prepared for school.
Leave her a note in her lunch.
Be patient with your siblings.
Do things you like.
Speak your mind.
Buy some good quality notebooks.
Practice good personal hygiene.
Be the bigger person.
Send them a funny meme or gif to make them laugh.
Keep your bedroom in a sexy state.
As each of the girls leave, give them a cute party favor, like a tube of lip gloss, a key chain with a picture of you and her in it, chocolates, and most importantly, something you made at the sleepover (if you made something!.
Set up a plan.
Avoid giving yourself a grandiose nickname.
Do things he likes.
Broaden your worldview.
Treat everyone the same.
Take control of the situation.
Plan your activities.
You can play online games.
Determine the type of emergencies your kit will handle.
Find common ground.
Talk to him about his interests.
Be fun.
Read every night.
Practice stutter modification.
Call them once or twice per week.
Put distance between you and the bully.
Ask your crush a question about something that you know he recently did, such as star in a play or take a trip.
Place your poster and other supplies on a wide table.
Hang out with your friends every other weekend and hang with your family the remaining weekends.
Get a big jar or tin and put every coin, note and whatever cash you find laying in your wallet, your table, etc.
Release.
Don't over think it... just be yourself.
Avoid sugar-rich foods.
Make her something.
Hang out with family and friends to be around a support system.
Display hygiene products.
Change the conversation.
Go to goth clubs and events.
First find out if the person you like is single or not.
Grab some deodorant and perfume to clean yourself up with.
Talk to your younger sibling.
Try to be nice in appearance.
See if he is interested in getting to know you.
Have clear skin.
Keep an image of that girl in mind.
Keep up a good conversation.
Be supportive.
Move on if he’s not interested.
Don't let things fester.
Decide whether you want to stay up with someone or fly solo.
Take strong notes.
Create a list of your strengths.
Use toothpaste.
Don't do stupid things like drinking and driving, or any other drugs.
Take time to relax every day.
Talk to your parents about your panic attacks.
Watch for signs.
Don’t compare yourself to anyone.
Dress for the occasion with cute clothes.
Walk down the sides of staircases to avoid any creaks.
Wash their car.
Get a great table in the food court, get some yummy food, a drink and sit down and enjoy.After You've finished,see how much money you have left, what you've brought so far and how many more shops you want to visit.Make sure everyone has enough money to buy decent stuff, because there's no point shopping for two more hours if you have £30 and your friends have £5 !You can always save the leftover money for next time!.
Wear loud and colorful prints and designs.
Look for Giveaways.
Greet all of your guests warmly if you are having a party.
Surprise her with a ticket to an event she’ll love.
Try new experiences together.
Show them how responsible you are.
See if he ignores you.
Be an expert.
Do not respond to the cyberbully.
Use two-step authentication.
Remain calm when you have disagreements.
Dry the case.
Make your "boyfriends'" email, and maybe some more social stuff like instagram.
Try to keep everything organized and neat.
Look presentable!.
Always be there for your crush.
Distribute flyers or use social media to market your business.
Let them know if you enjoyed the date.
See if they’re attentive to your needs.
How to decide if you should go out with someone:.
Start shaving.
Listen to the oldies.
Attack your homework as soon as possible.
Get your family on board with your diet.
Open the door only as wide as you need to fit through.
Stay healthy.
Shop for silver jewelry to complement your outfit.
Be interested.
Realize that if he is cheating on his girlfriend with you, he will possibly do the same to you.
Avoid squeezing pimples.
Make a choice to pay attention in class instead.
Learn to ask for help.
Get the Wardrobe.
Help to relieve her stress.
Reject conformity and choose your own path.
Consume a snack and a drink an hour beforehand.
Step away, if they keep pressing for another date.
Ask him to be your boyfriend if you want to be really bold.
Dress up a simple outfit with accessories.
Respond to his messages as soon as you can.
Look at the balance of give-and-take in your relationships.
Tell him you love him.
Find ways to blow off steam.
Think of your name in your head.
Compliment him to let him know what you like about him.
Try developing some manners!.
Match the two corners of the open windows up exactly, so you can't see the one behind it when you switch to your dummy window.
Sleep at least 8 hours a day.
Make a tin can piggy bank.
Utilize color.
Confidence.
Discuss why you conclude you are not autistic.
Make the bracelets.
Ask him if he has an account on Facebook, an Instagram account, or one of your other social networks.
Dress well and neatly.
Ask your friends for help.
Know that erections happen.
Research the organization.
Select a bag.
See if you're experiencing more anxiety.
Buy the food you need each week.
Have a photoshoot.
Volunteer to mentor younger students.
Strike up a conversation with someone who looks interesting.
Make an effort to talk about things he likes, and loves.
Do some of your mom’s chores.
Stay fit.
Display your favorite, cutest cuddly toys and stylish cushions.
Make new friends to expand your social circle.
Feeling pressured or stressed by time limits.
Never lie.
Discuss medications with your doctor.
Make an effort to keep the relationship fun.
Talk to your family and friends.
Know your phone.
Separate the lock.
Believe in something.
If one of your friends starts to bully you, however tough it may be, do not stay friends with them.
After a bit, take requests for songs and pick a random one.
Always Write thank you cards to your grandparents, aunts and uncles, etc.
Develop Smoothness.
Add some finishing touches, whatever you like.
Travel more often.
Apply eyeshadow again, but with a light greyish purple.
Take the time to focus on your own dreams and goals.
Try to be popular.
Decide how many girls you'd like to invite, and who.
Dress to look taller.
Emphasize that you're happy.
Ask what she wants to do.
If possible, laminate it!.
Avoid talking negatively about your best friend to other people.
Avoid making a scene.
Do fun things at lunch.
Smile a lot, and keep a positive attitude.
Ask for their help in making the decision.
Sell sweets.
Refrain from obsessing about money, or talking about how much your parents make.
Talk to him about his passions and your own.
Ask mutual friends for insight, but don't talk behind the person's back.
Make and sell your own crafts if you're creative.
Gently introduce more foods into your repertoire.
Play it cool.
Think about it.
Read the signs.
Wear a nice, appropriate outfit.
Start a club to make this a regular event.
Keep authentic friends about you.
Set high standards for yourself.
Remember that what constitutes "ideal" is a matter of opinion.
Delete him on social media.
Eat a healthy breakfast.
Respect her answer if she says no.
Zip it up.
Remember, your heavenly Dad loves you so much more than you could ever think.
Focus on getting to know the other person.
Check with your school.
Tell funny things as much as you can.
Don't take the gossip as true.
Build your own organisation system.
Show your fellow users what you're capable of.
Go to class.
Once you get to camp, spend the first day getting to know everyone, having fun, and letting everyone get to know you.
Apply honey.
Avoid UV exposure.
Be prepared for rejection.
Join the campaigns that deal with insults on Social Media.
Engage in a fulfilling hobby.
Welcome your guests as they arrive!.
Believe in God and Jesus Christ.
Set a specific date, time, and place for your sleepover.
Take the initiative.
Ask questions.
Don't hide your talents from her; whether they be card tricks or robotics skills.
Keep a clean locker/desk.
Find a support group.
Do her favors.
Do what you enjoy instead of thinking about the bullies.
Ask them on a casual date.
Be ready for change.
Don't try to be "more British".
Set up a lemonade stand.
Use tea tree oil to reduce the bacteria on your skin.
Challenge friends and family members who criticize their bodies.
Compare items once again, then swap things if your friends have something you didn't see and they don't mind you swapping it for equal value.
Seem busy.
Try a chalkboard card.
Try dreadlocks.
Complete 1 hour of moderate physical activity each day.
Have your different ways you act in front of others.
Attend music festivals.
Put yourself in a position to ask the question.
Help your child engage in conflict resolution.
Don't be hung up on what other people think about your style.
Try your hand at cooking!.
Flirt with them but leave a sense of mystery!.
Contradict negative self-talk with positive thinking.
Compliment people.
Take your stuffed animal.
Go shopping for clothes and shoes.
Turn down the volume.
Label everything, and label it correctly, so you know where everything is.
Write punk pop lyrics.
No swearing.
Give it a go before saying no.
Reduce or eliminate consumption of dairy products.
Remember that it's okay to have bad days.
Talk to your parents or trusted adults.
Maintain a nice hairstyle.
Add some pillows to the décor.
Use a foot scrub.
Use a toilet paper free of fragrances or dyes.
Model respect and kindness.
Enlist the help of family and friends.
Don’t drink alcohol.
Sit next to friends.
Give her a call.
Realize nothing is perfect.
Wear light flowing T-shirts, V-neck T's are the best to wear with some basic graphics on them, nothing too dramatic though.
Color coordinate your twins.
If you can, play games like Bloody Mary and Ghost in the Graveyard.
Use a gentle cleanser.
Don't make the girl feel uncomfortable.
Find the lessons in this experience to help you get over it.
Don't be afraid to change.
Consider how your skills can benefit someone.
Rethink your wardrobe.
Develop a creative interest if you don't already have one and cultivate it.
Spread positivity.
Style your hair minimally.
Build his confidence.
The first thing you need to do is stop.
Don't show off.
Let go.
Don't talk to them in a group or with another person.
Keep plants in your home.
Maintain a positive outlook on life.
Focus more in class and take notes.
Plan a reading date with snacks.
Be confident - confidence is the key to winning a guy over.
Be who you want to be.
Finished.
Write a song, even if you don't have a clue in music.
Plan your meetings.
Watch what you eat.
Shower, wash or bath every day.
Choose some shoes.
Set up a monthly contribution to your investment account.
Listen for compliments as an indication that he likes you.
Set up a board games table.
Put the supplies in the bag.
Be cautious on the internet.
Indulge your passions.
Reach out to your friend to let them know you’re thinking about them.
Pick out a lotion with salicylic acid to minimize your pores.
Offer your support.
Walk around before or after class.
Decide what you can budget for school supplies.
Write a "thank you" card for your teacher.
Talk to someone you trust about what’s happening to you.
You should set up a small stand next to the sleeping bags so that you can set bowls of Doritos, Pretzels, Chex Mix, etc., onto it.
Say no and leave.
Realize that being fake is the ultimate means to undermine your own self.
Set your materials up.
This is the time you get bored and want to go to sleep, so go in your bathroom and splash cold water on your face.
Meet your imaginary partner for the first time.
Don't show too much skin or cleavage.
Get organized the night before.
Go thrifting and prepare some DIY.
Look for people who have good friend qualities.
Act like you're confident while you're waiting to make friends.
Try benzoyl peroxide.
Practice good fire safety.
Find a gig if you want to earn money on your own terms.
Look at their faces or at their lips if you can't focus on their eyes.
Find a good topic to talk about.
Ask discussion questions while you’re teaching your lesson.
Take a Break!.
Make then feel good about themselves.
Don't vandalize the school buildings or property.
Spend time with your crush in moderation without being too clingy.
Always have a prayer in your heart.
Start small.
Add candles.
Make sure they know that your happy for them and proud of them, no matter what.
Volunteer consistently.
Reconsider pore strips.
Confirm that your schedules work out so you can spend time together.
Spend time away from friends who won't stop teasing.
Act confident.
Express your feelings.
Accept his decision (even if it's "no").
Propose to do a favor in return.
Respect your parents.
Surprise her occasionally with something romantic or fun.
Add cucumber to your meals.
Think about your crush’s negative traits.
Try to solve your problems on your own.
Spend time with people who make you feel better about yourself and the world.
Save the change from what you buy at a store.
Read the situation so you don’t embarrass her.
Ask the person to hang out sometime.
Host hangouts and parties.
Compliment your crush.
Remember to stay respectful.
Review your new search results.
Now this is where it gets interesting.
Tap Specific Websites Only.
Never make fun of any of your classmates, especially when you know they're in a delicate stage.
Track down your locker and work it into your schedule.
Want great style?.
Even if it's a fake smile, lifting the corners of your lips can be a mood booster.
Use Virtual Desktops.
Try not to be jealous.
Hold a conversation.
Get help when you need it.
Avoid future arguments.
Take notes on all the questions you have for that week.
Bring soap, towels, and/or other hygienic products.
Speak only when you have something substantial to contribute.
See if you're feeling more withdrawn from your parents.
Find out what that person says about you to friends.
Acknowledge your emotions.
Suggest that you like her.
Smile and watch your relationships grow.
Identify the strengths of your argument and the weaknesses of the rule.
Set up your work station.
Inform the police.
Check up on their followers.
Never force a girl to do things with you.
Choose healthier desserts.
Talk to his friends.
Once you have shelter and water taken care of, it's time to think about food.
Use salicylic acid in a gel form for the perfect spot-treatment option.
BE YOURSELF!.
Purchase basic things.
Accessorize with scarves.
Stick with simple hairstyles.
Go to a spa or dermatologist for dermabrasion.
Propose collaboration.
Use banana in your hair.
Wear clothes you can play in.
Focus on yourself.
Select bedding that incorporates your chosen theme and colors.
Receive emotional support.
Use her name when you are talking about something serious, or saying good night.
Unpack your stuff.
Experience life together.
Keep up to date on the news so you can have interesting conversations.
Be her biggest cheerleader.
Don't show sadness in front of him.
Watch scary movies.
Show your parent(s) that you care.
Keep your lemonade cool.
Give your teacher a gift.
Do the “little things.” Throwing your friends parties or making other grand gestures from time to time will undoubtedly make them feel important to you.
Get a chemical peel at a dermatologist's office or spa.
Be open to new friends and experiences.
Personalize the room to each other's discretion.
Get a hobby; do a study or a project.
Do not cry in front of them - you don’t want to look like a basket case and make them think that they're making the right decision.
Take up another artsy hobby - like scrapbooking, painting, cooking, sketching, or fashion design.
Be cultured.
Plan a specific time the lights will be required to be lowered for the night, to be placed in the invitation/card so your guests will know how long they'll have their games be available to be played by all of them.
Don't try to be popular!.
Browse with a VPN.
Get dressed.
Try doing something different with your hair.
Try to find common interests.
Avoid stress.
Accept the past for what it was.
Reward yourself when the chore is over.
First, the way you look is very important.
Start planning your reunion one year before the actual date.
Develop the attitude that if everyone else is doing it, you will most likely back away.Don't follow fads or trends of any kind.
Find new ways of doing things and looking at problems.
Download apps from verified stores only.
Take time to understand your emotions.
Consult your doctor if you have widespread acne.
Create a quiet, distraction-free place to do your homework.
Limit your screen time.
Buy a planner.
Be intimate but conservative.
Ask for his recommendation so you have something to text about later.
Pick up a new sport or musical instrument.
Eat healthy.
Punk Hipsters.
Teach anti-bullying lessons.
Make sure that your skin is still wet, then press the strip down against it.
Watch how your breasts start to change.
Give each invitee an alternative to wearing their blanket sleepers if they are adamant about coming to the party, but refuse to wear the sleeper.
Recycle old cans.
When dealing with a person that has had a recent break-up, let them know that they have your support and that they can talk to you.
Avoid buying on impulse.
Keep seeing her and be patient.
Remember: if you feel awkward being around him, consider your relationship.
Stay out of the sun.
Play hard to get.
When he sees your attention on other boys, pay close attention to his reaction.
Be more compassionate to yourself to change how you treat others.
See a therapist.
Find out the basics.
Get a cortisone injection.
Set a bed-time.
Keep some of your crush details under wraps.
Write stories or keep a diary in your spare time.
If you have a desktop and/or laptop (like Massie), take both funny and adorable pictures.
Don't worry about goodnight/bye kisses.
Be friends with them.
Get back into life.
Understand your parents’ points of view.
Start early.
Use toner after cleansing your face.
Accept compliments with thanks and grace.
Avoid negative coping.
Be honest with your friends.
In the bathroom, hide all of your stuff into a cupboard and set out clean towels, tiny bottles of shampoo, conditioner and soap and bubble bath so that the guest/guests and your daughter can have a nice time in the bathroom bathing and pampering.
Discuss a different living situation to help ease their financial burden.
Wear some makeup, but not too much.
Paint friends’ nails for a small fee if you have a steady hand.
Get Involved With School.
Dress according to the date.
After a couple of months, (or when they start getting good or bad at doing the chart) you can start adding other incentives to the mix such as:.
Take a break if problems continue.
Swear in every sentence, especially the 'F' word.
Think of organization as a lifestyle, not a chore.
Brush and floss your teeth morning and night.
Hang out with your family.
Don't chew obnoxiously just to show off to your classmates that you have gum.
Sell your old or unwanted clothes.
Get into the local goth scene and participate in goth festivals, nightclubs, and concerts.
Use accessories to distract from the pimple.
If that doesn't work, ask your dad.
Enjoy the freedom of always having what you need when you need it!.
Narrate everything that is happening.
Be weary when dealing with police.
Give him the gift.
Consider purchasing merchandise and in-game goods with real money very carefully.
Always smile, be yourself, and be confident.
Consider a “half-over” where your friends don’t stay the night.
Don't overdo it on popcorn, The only attractive way to eat popcorn is piece by piece, so, in order to look cute, eat and enjoy your popcorn slowly.
Water is your best friend.
Let someone know.
Think about your daydreams.
Collect all your makeup and accessories.
Keep your attitude in check at all times.
Work out regularly.
Start accepting compliments.
Do not squeeze the blackheads.
Flirt with him to show you want to kiss.
Combine your classmates’ names to find the funniest one.
Journal your thoughts.
Donate used clothes and toys.
Tell your parents that you’re learning to be responsible.
Keep your locker organized!.
Look into other treatments that might be helpful for you.
Use the morals that your parents taught you wisely.
Mannerisms.
Embrace having an imaginary partner.
Do extracurricular activities.
Set a schedule.
Encourage your parents to rent out a room or their car.
Obtain help from IEP Transitional Services.
Speak to a mental health professional.
Keep talking.
Does he try to show you off to all his friends?.
Don't discuss all your personal information.
When your friend comes, tell her if there are any off-limit rooms, foods, or activities and show her where to put her stuff and take off her shoes.
Exfoliate every week.
Wrap your pencils in decorative tape.
Tease him gently.
Wash and dry your face regularly.
This is best for people who feel as though life has nothing to offer them and that it sucks, and for people who have chronic depression and who are going through a so-called "phase".
Take some ribbons and decorate the outside of your locker.
Study diligently.
Stop trying to impress classmates with bad behavior.
Trying to make a good impression on your teacher is important.
Tell your parents as soon as possible.
Schedule the party.
Look it up.
Speak openly about your tastes, music, fashion, boys, girls, whatever, don't hide behind other people's views.
Try to include some activities with everyone included, like make up, telephone or the nonsense game.
Respect your sister’s limits.
Get out more.
Consider the boundaries between you and your parents.
Make connections with new people.
Talk about an event coming up to spark conversation.
Set up an escape route.
Make a plan for success.
Make room in your life for school and work.
Make a professional list.
Have some fun activities for your students to do.
Make eye contact.
Find an alternate home.
Forbid your friends to give him your personal info, including your telephone number, MSN address, email address, etc.
Admit you have to change.
Throw different styles together in the same outfit.
Don't be afraid to wear makeup!.
Beauty and style.
An employee working at a restaurant can get between $50 and $65 on weekdays, and Friday, Saturday, and Sunday, he/she earns about $80 to $100 a day.
Expect to start growing facial hair.
Discuss monitoring and logging.
Do good outside of school.
Say hello to her and have a casual conversation.
Get a plant.
Have sleepovers.
Get a local permit and pay any required fees.
Ask for help if the conflict escalates.
Sort out what you already have.
Help with family members.
Create a mini-kitchenette.
Don't overdo the jokes.
Pick the right guy.
Single him out later.
Avoid sitting by yourself during class.
Allow to give yourself a break.
Ask her about her own experiences.
Brush teeth, use mouthwash, floss, and use a breath mint.
Before you go to camp, get all set.
Start a conversation with him.
Realize that many people are into one aspect of nerdiness or another.
Focus on small goals.
Seek help from people already in middle school.
Get outside help if nothing else works.
Say, “What else would I need to learn to help people even better and to reach my goals?” It is a fact that 95% of new businesses close their doors within their first 5 years.
Prioritize in school.
Take a deep breath if you start to feel nervous around your crush.
Learn about your local underground or otherwise music scene and start going to shows.
Plan how to keep your room clean and tidy.
Don't care.
Lean on your support system.
Babysit for others.
Use relaxation strategies to manage anxiety and pain.
Have confidence in yourself.
Wake up 15 minutes earlier that you usually would, so that you have extra time in case something goes wrong.
Ask her to spend time with you as part of a group at first.
Come up with an excuse.
Figure out if she is interested.
Set up a cozy area for everyone.
Watch Ted Talk videos.
Don't swear or curse.
Listen to whatever music you like.
Be nice to your parents and teachers.
Kill them with kindness.
Be good to everyone.
React calmly in embarrassing situations.
When your friend's parents come, make sure you thank them for coming to your sleepover.
Get ready for a tired mom.
Exercise.
Make school supply shopping fun!.
Apologize.
Brainstorm, and gather money and make plans to form your unique, niche business: Find one that you can concentrate on based upon the needs and preferences of a special niche group -- your own specialized business.
Keep in mind that your dad knows what menstrual cycles are.
Make sure he knows that you like him before you tell him you love him.
Do some of your homework while you're waiting.
Stay away from him as much as possible.
Flirt casually.
Say comforting things to your students.
Focus on listening, not talking, to become the best conversation partner.
Increase your circle of friends.
Know your skin type.
Agree on where everything goes.
Enter a website’s address.
Make her feel comfortable.
Get flawless skin!If one day, you have to leave the house without makeup, you'll still look great!.
Go to TroubledTeenPrograms.org.
Convince them that cleaning is a good thing.
Don't trick her.
Keep your stress under control.
Make eye contact with them to establish a connection.
Stay calm, cool, and collected throughout the conversation.
Always be you!.
Build friendships with people who share common interests.
Use music.
Refer to a map.
Don't force, pressure or encourage them to do anything out of their obvious comfort zone.
Tell them some good reasons why you need one, but don't whine or cry or beg.
Paint your nails, as this is seen as very stylish.
Try to be as relatable as possible.
Avoid public wifi.
Keep away from blogs!.
Pick a theme!.
Review your school's dress code.
Use organic hair products.
Think about your long-term goals.
Buy from a reputable coin dealer.
Always start simple.
Learn about nutrition so you can make healthy choices in any circumstances.
Work hard without expecting something in return.
Considering letting him say it first.
Don’t underestimate a healthy diet.
Recognize poor self-esteem.
Share your feelings.
Think twice before spending.
Be organised: Keep your things neat: don't lose them.
Pay taxes if you make more than $400 in a year.
Consider the side effects of medications you are taking.
Think about how often he wants  to hang out.
Wear something in which you feel comfortable.
Choose a cologne/perfume if you wear it.
Reduce your stress.
Clothing should be clean cut and never dirty.
Back off if you need to.
Show them compassion and acceptance.
Call your parents often.
Avoid judging people.
Introduce yourself to your teachers to make a good first impression.
Be attentive to the relationships between your students.
Make sure you have the right supplies.
Wear clothes because you like them, making that the only criteria for buying clothes.
Just be yourself!.
Ask the girl out on a date if you have mutual feelings for each other.
Play games on electronic devices.
Sell individual skills.
If you can combine classes in one binder, DO IT!.
Take a walk together.
Watch your body language.
Don't be afraid to show her your authentic self.
Ask the person out on a date.
Keep your schedule with you.
Have a parent or guardian make a savings or checking account at a bank.
Remember, the most important thing: be yourself!.
Consider the consequences.
Follow the list of "don'ts.".
Cleanse your skin twice a day.
Ask her out again.
Devote extra time to taking care of your needs.
Find and combat triggers.
Set aside adequate time for school work.
Listen out after they go to bed.
Follow the dress code at all costs.
Educate yourself.
Tell them how their fighting makes you feel.
Identify cyberbullying.
Give her a few days to let this information sink in.
Be slick.
Have the right body language.
Try traditional print or newspaper classifieds.
Encourage them when they have doubts.
Ask to be excused.
Link with other bloggers in your topic area, your local area or just because you're fellow bloggers.
Stand out.
Know how to deal if you ever break up with her.
Focus on the positive.
Look at girls in the eye.
Be straightforward.
Explore your friend’s house.
Listen to your gut.
Study to be sure you are secure in your religious preferences.
Know that if you get bad results, you'll study next time.
Move on.
Try to compromise or find common ground.
Whenever your friends talk about him, make fun of him a little bit, but be careful not to get carried away.
Check if any of your friends are allergic to chocolate.
Save time to focus on your studies.
Recycle different materials.
Treat others like you want to be treated.
Know how to organize and deal with lockers.
Start the next day right.
Start a regular cleaning service.
Read, read, read.
Just go for it.
Deal with spammers.
Try the permission approach.
Have self-compassion.
Be friendly with their friends.
Ask one of your crush’s friends if your crush likes you.
Understand that changing schools is just a transition and will soon be over.
This may not seem right, but buy the bribes.
Do not argue with them at this stage, just listen.
Honor their free will.
Know that there will be bullies.
Show her that her attitude will not make you go anywhere.
Learn from others.
Don't keep annoying him or pestering him as he may think something's going on and may think about dumping you more just act natural.
Click on the state of your choice.
Make a school year resolution and stick to it.
Remind yourself how special you are.
Wear something that you look good in!.
Friends.
Have foods high in Vitamin A. Vitamin A helps to maintain healthy skin and prevent acne such as deep pimples.
Go window shopping.
Choose games and activities!.
Don’t let them see you sweat.
Tease your parents, grandparents, older sister or brother and teachers about "Are you in a good mood?.
Go for a hike if you’re close to trails or nature preserves.
Don't sweat the small stuff.
Spray air freshener.
Choose a comfortable place for the first meeting.
Get a lunchbox that is insulated.
Get inspired by how other hipsters dress.
Prepare for acne.
Then you shall respect yourself.
Snuggle up with your snack and watch a movie, preferably one that doesn't have a lot of action.
Hold him close.
Provide visual reassurance.
See if he tries to compete with you.
Understand your parents’ perspective.
Try meditation.
Pay attention to instructions.
Be aware of inaccurate goth stereotypes.
Approach schoolwork with a good attitude.
Try to be balanced.
Get support from education and the internet.
Try to sit in the middle of the classroom.
Get up early, and stretch yourself out.
Propose a solution.
Come out and tell your friend.
Find obscure bands.
Be in the same spaces you know he’ll be in.
Bargain.
Tell your friends what is happening and get their support.
Look your best but, most importantly, be your natural self.
Choose the right time to talk to your mom.
When you get to school, meet up with friends right away!.
Have patterned sheets for your bed and pretty curtains.
Decide what form of scene you want to be.
Confront the boy.
Make sure you're on good terms with your crush to know whether or not kissing is okay for them.
Put up photos and art that fit the theme of the room.
Discover your own opinions about everything from politics to food to problems in the world.
Keep Christ first.
Express interest in the work of your peers.
Ask your parents about overnight programs at the local zoo or library.
Do something to be remembered.
Continue saying "hi", to her.
Make friends!.
Talk to people as they pass by to get them to notice you.
Appear neutral towards the boy.
Remember that it's only a phase.
Develop your own interests.
Play in a world with many people.
Do regular physical exercise.
Talk to a parent or teacher about how you’re feeling.
Pack many tampons and pads.
Know that most people don’t notice leg hair.
Ask your mom if you can have a sleepover at a friend’s house.
Advertise around the neighborhood or local community for anything from lawn care to babysitting.
Do a clothes swap.
Tell her your feelings.
Ask a friend to tell them if you want to know how they’ll respond.
Consider how you want to move forward if your crush returns your feelings.
Leave the snacks out.
Find your strong and weak areas.
Say no and turn the pressure around.
Wear sunscreen everyday and do not tan.
Meet with an advisor or counselor before graduation.
Add magnets for a practical decoration.
Most chavs have a stark need to reproduce, and it is drilled into them from childhood that it is the only reason to live - how else can you make money without having a job.
Take a short nap.
Improve your listening skills.
Remember that you do not need to shoulder the burden of perfection.
Give him time to hang out with his friends.
Practice yoga outdoors so you can be closer to nature.
Show them what you’ve learned about the privilege you’re seeking.
Get a professional bra fitting to avoid squeezing or bulging.
Understand the reasons why a student would attend summer school.
Look for quality posts.
Talk to someone about it.
Let your crush know that you are interested.
Volunteer in class.
Always leave your hair down, curl it a bit then brush it out so it looks natural and looks like you just woke up that way.
Talk to your parents (or your children) and let them know how you feel about the school.
Take up a new hobby.
Write a personal motto.
Choose a time when they are in a good, receptive mood and not tired or distracted by other things.
Wash your face daily with a quality face wash.
Moisturize your face daily.
Ignore media perception of smoking.
Try flirting with her to see how she responds to it.
Don’t feel like you’re tattling.
Deny the rumour's truth to anyone who asks.
Speak positively about what's going on at your school.
Remember that mature adults don't generally going around calling each other ugly.
Repeat your main idea(s) several times throughout your speech.
Try to be calm and collected.
Watch for red flags.
Educate yourself in the nerd's 'field of expertise'.
Budget wisely.
Ask your class.
Get a friend to tell them you think they’re cute.
Take prescription medication.
Know that you are NOT trying to be someone you are not.
Drain the battery on your vehicle.
Keep your cap spotless.
Get them thoughtful gifts.
Try to find an unusual hobby.
Avoid competition.
Give any new products a fair trial.
Eat lunch together.
Understand that your friend might not be what you are dreaming about, but might look something like one of the following.
Some popular hippie reading material includes Siddhartha by Hesse, Lord of the Rings by Tolkien, and the writings of Mahatma Gandhi and John Lennon.
Enjoy the moment.
Build a supportive group of friends outside of your house.
Find things to do.
Remain calm and accept their decision.
Play games such as truth or dare, and ones that will have your friends on their toes, like scary stuff.
Use gentle skincare products.
Don't be obsessed with computers.
Talk to your doctor about constipation and bloating, if you have them.
Let her have her girl time.
Ask to limit hand-me-downs.
Don't fret over minor breast growth.
Take calcium and vitamin D for stronger bones, if your doctor approves.
Plan your dates for the weekend.
Try out different ways to express yourself.
Opt for an oil-based salicylic acid to combat breakouts.
Find positive environments in your school.
Practice expressing yourself while still being sensitive to others.
If the person won't stop bothering you and harassing you, consult your parents first, and if they consent, call the police.
Pay attention.
Style your hair.
Join a support group.
Connect school subjects with your interests.
Try to avoid talking face to face with your teacher.
Stay on your own path.
Ask for help.
Talk to an adult.
Wear your hair as much as possible in the way you usually do.
Call them and ask them to talk.
Where do you usually pass each other in a hallway?.
Keep makeup to a minimum.
Establish ground rules about any specific living quirks or desires.
Use a cleanser with salicylic acid and glycolic acid.
Avoid flirting with other people in front of her.
Pep up your uniform.
Keep tabs on the amount of money you have saved.
Try your best all of the time.
Look good (appropriate to events and where you are) and "be on and up to it" when you go out.
Talk about crushes and look in old yearbooks.
Diagnose frequent issues.
See a therapist to work through your feelings.
Accept the situation for what it is and move on.
Speak to the teacher alone.
Be tough.
Get good grades.
Follow up with a text or message.
Make sure you know when to go to your locker.
Encourage positive changes.
Wear eyeliner on the top lid and put on mascara on the top and bottom lashes (make the mascara on the bottom lashes really heavy and thick).
Read a book before going to bed.
Participate in activities you enjoy.
Think about how you felt when you started elementary school.
Purchase blotting paper.
Ask for things at an appropriate time and don’t rush your parents.
Sneak out the back door if possible.
Wear waterproof makeup.
Follow through with any commitments.
Try out the handles, straps, and any closures.
Go through the proper channels at work.
Know that you and you alone have your ideas.
Put on your shoes and grab a coat.
Welcome the couple and grandchildren with open arms.
Avoid judging your sibling.
Involve your hair.
Try video chatting if you have a long-distance crush.
Add some bracelets to your outfit, but if you wear a set, make sure they match.
Next is your body care.
Review past skills during the summer.
Ask them again later.
Clean off old supplies.
Learn to work through boredom.
Choose a good hairstyle.
Be calm in school.
Find an activity.
Apply black mascara.
Buy a shelf and put your books on it.
Disclose something personal.
Ask your friends.
Know that it’s okay to change your mind.
Forget about stereotypes.
Tend to your looks.
Break ties only if necessary.
Call a service line if you're renting the locker.
Know when to stop talking.
Figure out why you find school so boring.
Detach yourself emotionally.
Catch up on homework that's overdue or homework given for the class.
Sell unwanted items.
Look out the window to see if anything interesting is going on.
Ask for openings at recreational facilities.
Dress with your own style.
Get feedback.
Find a toiletries bag.
Clean up your areas of work.
Tell them what your identity is, and describe how you came to that conclusion.
Think about how you want to be treated.
Balance being a young adult with being a kid.
Continue eating, listen to the conversation between other members of your family, and try to enter into it by injecting a thought and a smile and friendly chatter and laughter.
Don't stereotype yourself, period.
Write down positive affirmations and put them where you can see them.
Go out with other people, when you're ready.
Bake for bucks.
Conceal your headphones.
Use "I" statements to discuss your feelings.
Dress in flattering clothes to feel confident and master the look.
Write a note to let her know you’d appreciate her company if she's more private.
Befriend the popular girls.
Put your phone down to avoid looking uninterested.
Be prepared for the big day ahead.
Be brave, and reach out to possible friends.
Sing melodies over your chord progressions.
Learn how to behave in your grade through various websites in the Internet.
Listen to goth music.
Stay focused on getting out the door.
Develop a good support system.
Sell a variety of baked goods.
Give her time.
Work on your personality.
Find out the hospital’s visiting hours.
Get rid of any bad ideas you have about disabilities.
Ask your crush to do something specific.
Express yourself creatively.
Make a confrontation direct and brief.
Branch out.
Accept the fact that your crush is gone.
Review the search engine's removal policy.
Fix your hair and makeup!.
Incorporate influences from both styles (Grunge + Hippie = Indie) into your new look.
Study hard in school.
The hallway.
Walk into the school to see about what supplies they'll need.
Do your research on the type of camera you would like.
Reset your “food clock”.
Clean and polish wood surfaces.
Resolve that this is a fresh, brand new school year.
Accept rejection gracefully if they say no.
Reach out for professional help if you continue to struggle.
See a counselor.
Eat breakfast!.
Tell your parents, a very close friend, or a religious leader (if you're religious) about your hurt.
Visit your doctor.
Move on with your life.
Consider fashion.
Have something which makes you different from your friends.
Stick to your goal.
Start looking for signs that he likes you.
Be communicative.
Establish a good relationship with your peer-helpers.
Use your fingers instead of a cloth.
Smile and make eye contact.
Be reliable.
Spend an entire day with them.
Be open, honest, and polite.
Avoid milk and carbonated beverages.
Perform repeat sprints.
Write a list of things you do in the morning, from when you wake up, to when you come to school.
Use a small music player.
Get a letter of verification from the organization.
Go to music shows in your area.
Expect your teachers to be nice, intelligent people.
Try just making a brief appearance.
Give your parents a key to your house if they are very sad that you are leaving.
Eat more omega-3 fatty acids to reduce oil-causing molecules.
Choose something with style.
Watch or play sports, if you like them.
Everybody loves a good looking person.
Invest in a company.
Ask your parents if now is a good time to buy a new sleeping bag.
Try to stay calm.
Just do the best you can with mean teachers.
Avoid picking at spots and scars.
Pack your lunch the night before, or have all the parts ready so you can toss them in your lunchbox quickly.
Smile more.
Resist having any conversations with her.
At recess join games.
Hang out at coffee shops or bars where other indie people go.
Wear clean clothes.
Approach the chosen nerd(s).
Get organized.
Kiss sensitive areas on his face.
Go with the flow.
Have fun with it.
Be enthusiastic, pleasant and confident.
Understand that many school social environments do not condemn bullying.
Place the "Cardboard Backing Sheet" behind the last of the three flimsy sheet bundle (the pink flimsy sheet).
Make the decision.
Don’t sweat it too much.
Take a flashlight.
Use touch to flirt with him more obviously.
Answer any questions the host might have.
Grow your hair.
Look forward to future possibilities.
Try not to compare your body to others.
Leave wrapped items alone.
Manage and accept unpredictable situations.
Be sensitive to your friend’s feelings.
Have amazing hair.
Get your hands on the appropriate footwear.
When you want to be alone, ask him to leave.
Raise chickens or other farm animals.
Wash your clothes regularly.
Invest in facial cleansers.
Understand that some kids aren’t going to accept you.
Surround yourself with friends so you don’t feel isolated.
Preferably, you should eat something that will get your blood flowing and make you feel awake and alert.
Recruit some people who have been harassed by them.
Spray spring water to your face to hydrate it.
Buy a variety of ice creams and different sweets, cookies and sauces for pudding.
Step away from the screen.
Don't get many piercings.
Decide if you can handle their response.
Identify whether she likes you or not.
Don’t support  inappropriate content.
Take time out of your day to do things with them.
Decide when you’re ready to have sex.
Don't just force yourself into social situations.
Ask “Are you single?” if you don’t know the person.
Check if they report to the credit bureaus.
Ask to borrow something.
Cope with specific symptoms.
Stay true to yourself.
Be sure you're in the right crowd.
Become friends with other staff.
Pack for odour related emergencies: Everyone who uses deodorant forgets deodorant sometimes...but no one has to know that YOU do... so include a stick of deodorant in your bag.
Consider oral contraceptives.
Have your parents e-mail or call the parent of your ex-best friend.
Try flavored waters instead of soda or juice.
Stop comparing yourself to others.
Just do it.
Wear clothes that express you.
Leave on for about 20 minutes or as prescribed.
Work on things you love.
Prioritize your time.
Change your settings on your phone, so that if someone does call or text you, it will not make noise.
Schedule some group activities.
Smile!.
Look at yourself.
Use your locker!.
Use a good facewash/cleanser and a moisturizer.
Now makeup: If you're nice to everyone, happy, get good grades, do something clean and add a little colour.
If it's winter you can shovel the snow in a driveway and side walk or clean the snow off cars.
And, of course, be yourself.
Take it day by day.
Listen to psychedelic rock, jam bands, and folk music.
Draw a line in the sand.
Thank your dad for supporting you and taking care of you.
Have a notepad or paper and pen ready to gather facts from the websites.
Get a good night’s sleep.
Carry yourself well.
Give her a gift.
Do spontaneous favors for family members.
On the way home if they say they are cold, be a gentleman and if you have a jacket then offer it to them.
Write a poem, story, or just your thoughts in your head.
Reflect on what caused your negative feelings.
Choose to focus on the present.
Practice talking to other people.
Withhold judgment based on different beliefs.
If you want, you can buy a bullet belt!.
Don’t name call.
If the person approves, hire two health inspectors and choose a date near the end of the month for them to do a live  and official inspection.
Be calm and assess the situation.
Follow some of the steps above for phone/internet/letter etc.
Become financially independent.
Get your child to help you pack lunch for the day.
Study buddy.
Have a positive outlook.
Cope with a changing voice.
Be on the lookout for someone who is commonly violent.
When your movies are over, stay up all night watch TV.
Tell them you love them.
Listen to metal music.
Talk to the person who humiliated you if you think it will help.
Try to fit things in your binder.
Make LGBTQIA friends.
Be presentable.
Exfoliate the skin on your buttocks once a week.
Try on each bag you are considering.
record everything that is life threatening or abusive include times dates locations what you were doing , how this incident started.
Use summer school as a way to redeem yourself.
Make acquaintances: Try making new friends.
Focus on your own feelings.
Be affectionate.
Use “I” statements, not “you” statements.
Don’t text them over and over, especially if they’re not responding.
Be a gentleman.
Take notes on note cards instead of in a book.
Find out if there are grants in your country for young people buying their first home.
Keep any info you post general.
Hand them a new chart on Saturday, and pay them  on Saturday night.
Disagree.
Wear gorgeous clothes.
Use hairspray to make sure the curls hold.
Consider prescription products.
Reject the status quo.
Remember that if they had a test that day, ask about it and try to converse in a give and take manner by telling them about your test, and then the conversation will go back and forth.
Follow and talk to him on social media.
Besides respecting your teachers, remember to respect your parents as well!.
Be prepared to put in the effort.
Keep talking to your parents about your feelings.
Be friendly to everyone.
Spend some time thinking about what you're going to say and having some facts and statistics on hand to back up your concerns.
Have a review now and then.
Talk to his friends if you're not ready to ask him yourself.
Listen to your conversations.
Spend time working on your favorite craft or hobby.
Wait until you're sure they've gone to sleep.
Drape honor cords or stoles around your neck to show your achievements.
Place the picture on top of the glue.
Introduce her to your friends.
Prepare and write down the date and time for which each sleepover guest is supposed to arrive at the host's house by, along with an RSVP date for which they should send in their confirmation message to you.
Consider using makeup.
Stand tall.
Let them know how you feel about the movie, if it's scary cuddle into their shoulder and they will wrap their arms around you.
Get some crunch by packing nuts.
Make a list of your good qualities.
Know that you don't have to clash either.
Take breaks from your stressful schoolwork.
Become independent.
Consider your feelings towards others.
Apply crushed-up aspirin.
Be really nice to everyone you meet.
Let yourself like someone else (or no one at all).
Be aware of germ risk in common spaces.
Plan a trip together.
Keep your goals manageable.
Demonstrate your interest in school or work.
Take care of your mind.
Converse every day.
Think about whether you need a lot of validation from others.
Express how you feel.
Navigate to the support page for the search engine.
Find a potential boy.
Understand your parent’s argument.
Play around with your makeup if you wear it.
You could ask your parent to have a word with the principal.
Talk to your doctor if more blackheads appear.
Choose sources to influence your culture.
Get a haircut that resembles that of Justin Bieber.
Attend therapy if you’re struggling and nothing seems to help.
Wear a bomber jacket or parka.
Write your number on a napkin or comment card.
Buy earbuds that are about the same colour as your hair.
For oily skin: Dab an ice cube on all your face, Wash your face, Use a gel-based or foam cleanser for better results.
Listen to them without interrupting.
Point out their behavior and tell them it's not okay.
Use pore cleansing strips.
Be honest with your boyfriend if his friends’ behavior upsets you.
Check your motives.
Keep safety in mind.
Don't ever lord your intelligence over her.
Try to address her fears by doing some shopping on your own.
Adopt a healthy diet.
Use “I” statements so your parent doesn’t feel attacked.
Visit a nearby park if you want to have fun on playground equipment.
Look online.
Imitate low-maintenance girls.
Report the bully on social media.
Scrub out the graphite.
Make dinner instead of eating fast food.
Be confident and believe in yourself.
Begin by dumping everything in your bag out on the floor.
Make an appointment with your doctor.
Smile, even if you feel shy.
Consider your thoughts while reading this article.
Show them your passion and excitement about your choice.
Notice what you like in others' works.
Ask them out on a date.
Assess your abilities to trust.
Use a light liquid foundation.
Treat everyone like your friends.
Keep evidence of the bullying.
Do your schoolwork.
If malicious gossip, rumour spreading, and lies become severe enough, not only are they forms of bullying, they can also become Human Resources issues as well.
Maintain good posture.
Avoid "chavvy" areas.
Use common cell phone issues to your advantage.
Don't take sides.
If a friend called you on flirting in the middle of a big group, feel free to defend yourself.
Consider whether you are starting to pay more attention to your looks.
Write a Successful Hardship Letter.
Invest in a slimming bodysuit that can double as a top.
Use group work to talk to friends and classmates.
Put heat protectant spray on your hair.
Don't forget to smile!.
Cook a meal with each other.
Be confident in yourself.
Take your time and stick with the name once you've chosen it.
Determine whether your physical appearance is making you seem creepy to your crush.
Suggest that the family go cold turkey for a week.
Focus on your goals.
Pay attention in class.
Participate in class.
Pack leftovers.
Get to the hotel at the check-in time on the day of the party.
Calmly tell them of your plans, your reasons why this is the best choice for you and your goals.
Recognize the validity of their interests.
Understand your boyfriend may not be to blame.
Make a list of pros and cons about him.
Compromise with him.
Feel free to add anything else, but nothing too much.
Sort through that mixed up, messy pile.
Rinse the mask off with lukewarm water, and gently pat it dry with a towel.
Get the look.
Use a comeback if you want to.
Get dressed!.
Be understanding of the barriers involved but be ready to suggest alternatives.
See if you're feeling things more intensely.
Go to bed around midnight.
Get attention from a mentor.
Ask them to pre-screen it for you.
If she's an artist, ask to see her art.
Look for a salicylic acid product with a concentration of 0.5-2%.
Teach your child conflict resolution techniques.
Embrace your inner child.
Visit your doctor if your acne doesn’t improve after 2 weeks.
Take challenging courses.
Reach compromises.
Once they're done, start off by saying, "Mom, Dad, I get what you're saying and I agree...." If, at that last word, they faint, or ask you whether you're high, don't give up.
Confide in a teacher or parent.
Lay out an outfit the night before.
Be direct and ask him.
Use confident body language.
Don't post any pictures of yourself or status updates you wouldn't want your grandma to see.
Care for your boyfriend.
Work on yourself.
Find people who inspire you artistically.
Prepare for your first lunch.
Clean the kitchen.
Put a portable TV in your daughter's room just in case.
Massage the skin around the pimple.
Pack some pads.
Just as you are outside their front door, tell them that you had an amazing night, you're glad you spent it with them, tell her you like them and swoop in to give them a kiss on the cheek, they will move their head so you end up kissing their on the lips instead of the cheek, break away first leaving them, if it was a good kiss, wanting more.
Make eye contact with her.
Don't flirt with other girls too much.
Find support among classmates.
Dress for success.
Note her body language.
Stay away from lemon juice, vinegar, and other kitchen acids.
Share with your siblings.
Never  tell them to mind their own business.
Take steps to address the problem.
Look for a counselor.
Make time to just relax.
Participate as a fan.
Do not brag.
Be yourselves.
Just remember to have fun!.
Now put your things in your backpack.
Forgive yourself for occasional slip-ups.
Have a tip jar and reduce the cost of the lemonade.
Be crafty.
Stay near the middle of the road.
Avoid joking about the situation.
Immerse yourself in your interests.
Stay for as long as needed.
Travel: If you find yourself visiting other places, remember that traveling involves meeting new people, so be open to find and enjoy whatever piques your interest; you just might end up with a pen pal.
Get fit.
Continue to show commitment to horses.
Take notes in every class.
Leave stubbornness behind as you grow up.
Compare your lifestyles (and traveling styles) to ensure a good match.
Join a group doing good deeds.
Seek to understand what caused the failure of your project.
Don't try to just "fit in"; "adapt" instead.
Be smart about dating.
Change your skin's pH.
Have a fashion show.
Don't expect them to contribute as much as you do to the conversation.
Get two backpacks.
Have a picnic in the park with your friend, cousin, or whoever you brought to the park with you.
Start dancing with them if you’re at a party.
Slide your note into an envelope and seal it.
Reflect on the relationship.
Smile and stay positive.
Always prepare something to say.
Show a real interest in her.
Practice what you want to say.
Value your time together.
Let your partner corrupt you—just a little.
Now search for the person or book your are using for the book report.
Determine whether or not you share the same interests.
Sit toward the back of the classroom and away from people who might make a scene.
Do not socialize in the halls!.
Mention your big plans.
Take naps during the day.
Open cabinets/drawers/fridge/doors.
Don't get nervous!.
Getting Back in the Routine.
Prepare carefully for the discussion before talking to your mom.
Come up with a name.
Sharing your experiences during your vacation is the a good start to make your new friend feel comfortable.
Have pillow fights.
Practice your speech out loud in front of others.
Use a prescription acne treatment as directed.
Keep the big picture in mind.
Don't stereotype others.
Exercise!.
Trade clothes with each other.
Enjoy the moments of silence; don't worry about the inevitable awkwardness.
Limit how much you interact with him on social media.
Be picky when deciding which heavy items to include.
Take care of your hair.
Ask Intelligent Questions.
Shower.
Eat a good breakfast.
Know that you may have a right to express your gender identity through the appropriate clothing.
Don't fly too deep into the friend zone.
Get loads of delicious food.
Add scents.
Practice baking and cooking new recipes with them.
Know some stuff out your school.
Save some capital and begin to invest.
Have a family discussion about TV usage.
After showering, use a good body lotion that fits your skin type.
Stack your other big, fat textbooks horizontally on the bottom of the bag.
Open yourself up to new romantic opportunities.
Join an after-school activity.
Get creative.
Shave your legs, or a professional can wax them for you.
Post or deliver the goods as agreed.
Stick up for yourself.
Conversation is incredibly important.
Ask other children in the higher grades (10th grade and up) if they received any materials list the freshman year.
Spend time with other girls to help you see new possibilities.
Apply tretinoin cream.
Call or text the other person if you're too shy to tell them in person.
Plan your escape.
Avoid singing along or dancing.
Study in school, and do the best you can.
Respect yourself.
Concentrate on accomplishments, not on failures.
Do your homework for a different class.
Don't be afraid to face the same situation again.
Take good care of yourself by sleeping more, eating well, and exercising.
Use humor.
Set healthy boundaries.
Communicate with your eyes.
Avoid your friend in social situations.
Use the restroom before class begins.
Determine whether a piece should be painted.
Write down, in private, what you want to say.
Still be friends with your other friends.
Be kind to others.
Time to make it 'you'!.
Get to know the chavvy music e.g.
Maintain good hygiene.
Don’t overburden yourself.
Eat Fruits.
Note a lack of emotional connection.
Stay attentive of her actions.
Remember the reward!.
Follow the rules she has set.
Change the tone of your voice while presenting to make it sound interesting.
Be prepared for hair in bathing suit areas.
Plan some party food that you can make that are blanket-sleeper themed.
"Date yourself" for a while.
Apply your cleanser or soap as directed.
Take everything out of your locker.
Talk to your parents about sex.
Think over what isn't working out about this friendship.
Know that it isn’t about you.
Summarize what your parents tell you.
Popular girls can have the personality trait of anywhere between a kindhearted angel to a diva.
Eat well.
Look approachable.
If the teacher needs you to run an errand for them, be the first to volunteer!.
Look for a mutually beneficial solution.
Don't try to disable the software.
Do not act like your "all that" and/or "popular/conceited" or something in any way.
Start your day at homeroom or assembly.
Recognize the effects of difficult parents.
Respect your boundaries in the relationship.
Be a good listener.
Find all of your friends, or people who are helping you with your campaign, and ask them to help you hang up your campaign posters.
Get your stuff together the night before.
Have your supplies.
Make an excuse to touch his arm or hand.
Talk with your parents.
Bring your reading book home to study.
Schedule a time to talk.
Drink water every day to keep yourself well hydrated.
Take some time in your day to overview what has been done and what has to be done.
Listen to her ideas and let her know you’re interested in hanging out.
Understand your abilities to compromise.
Use a modest amount of perfume.
Dry your hair.
Make an egg white mask.
Coordinate a dance with some talented friends.
Use your backpack’s compartments as intended.
Write your assignments on a planner or calendar so you don't forget.
Try talking to a safe adult.
Do something to your hair.
Write your note to your father.
Learn how to understand how others feel.
Dye your hair or have an alternative hairstyle.
Accept that you put your heart and soul into something you really cared about.
Eat breakfast every day.
Use social media.
You may want to paint nails, do hair, listen to music, dance, or even sing karaoke.
Keep talking about things that bother you.
Show confidence.
Show off your skills.
Become involved with the Republican party if that is of interest.
Ask for directions if you get lost.
Make sure there is room for people.
Assist the technophobes.
Add the things you always seem to need.
Go out with your friends.
Express yourself!.
Provide a lemonade stand for your neighborhood.
In Row A, beneath the headings, start listing all of the people you are indebted to, and vice versa, and insert the amounts in the correct place under the headings.
Give him fun challenges to make him impress you.
Never be rude.
Dress suitable for the weather but try to look cute and attractive.
Be sure you're comfortable.
Invite them to a group event.
Meet her somewhere quiet, isolated, and free of distractions.
Help your skin fight the infection with a cucumber mask.
Realize what a culture is.
Drink some soda!.
Take baby steps with intimacy and vulnerability.
Act like you were never a bad person at all.
Know yourself.
Make good conversation.
Support anti-bullying campaigns.
Be humble without negating your accomplishments.
Try to stay away from scary movies at night.
Start simple.
Do not take on an affected air.
Call up any friends you'll be meeting in the morning.
Get a friend to ask them out for you.
Set a time to talk with your parents about your request.
Ask them questions that start a conversation.
Leave your comfort zone.
Consult someone.
Put your best face forward.
Seek support from friends and family.
Be prepared to face hostility.
Do fun crafts, like making duct tape purses.
Try to choose a locker that is close to most of your classes.
Consider why you began restricting.
Avoid distractions in the classroom.
Don't ignore her.
Communicate any concerns with your parents.
Get amazing hair and skin for a stunning appearance.
Talk to a dermatologist about retinoids.
Accept her feelings whether she likes you or not.
Backpacks and satchels are available in a range of prices.
Keep it a surprise.
Throw a party!.
FaceTime or Skype every now and then, if you wish.
Practice safe cleaning practices.
Skin.
Take some time to read.
Write a note if you are packing a lunch for your spouse or children.
Learn a basic instrument.
Tell them, at the end of your talk ,that you got your grades, and they were really no good....Tell them you sincerely see your mistake in letting your grades slip down, and that you'll work on it.
Speak to someone new everyday.
Walk up to a stranger, smile, and say “Hi.” If you’re crushing on someone you don’t know, a great way to express your interest is by simply approaching them.
It is hard to understand the point of wearing brand clothes if they can cost up to three times more than just regular clothing.
React if you get caught.
Don't keep talking among yourselves when customers arrive.
Make a plan.
Brush against her hand or arm to flirt more obviously.
Learn a new skill, set a goal, or take up a new hobby.
Be open about how you feel about her.
If you feel like this might be a good time to reveal your feelings, go for it.
Offer to help them or to do them a favor.
Plan a party for her.
Ask yourself if you complain too much.
Be engaged and willing.
Make them inclined to buy you one.
Tell people that the two of you are dating.
Don't immediately jump to girlfriend and boyfriend.
Practice walking at home.
Find out if all of your credits will transfer.
Consider volunteering.
Talk to everyone with the same amount of respect.
Get a chemical peel.
Know where bullying happens.
Get some comfortable bedding.
Maintain an appropriate level of risk.
Skip tight hats.
Get involved.
Don't be annoying.
Do nice things for them when they least expect it.
Accept your feelings.
Make studying easy for yourself.
Go out for a fancy meal and a show.
Reach out for help.
Give yourself a cheat day.
Mirror her behavior to send her subtle signals.
Avoid sending too many text messages at one time.
Test the system.
Ask her on a date if you feel a connection.
Communicate openly about sexual matters.
Choose a location.
Wear clothes that make you feel comfortable.
Make sure the boy isn't interacting with himself or in the middle of a conversation where he'll be mumbling incoherently as he does the former.
Learn how to handle disappointment.
Ride a school bus.
Provide honest, accurate descriptions to callers and viewers.
Update your resume.
Break your classes into chunks.
Respect your date’s boundaries.
Use good manners.
Practice mindfulness to stay engaged with your surroundings.
Stay away from backlash arguments about men's rights.
DO NOT gossip with her about other girls.
Sometimes, physically helping out can be inconvenient or clashes with your schedule.
Remember to be confident and that you look beautiful.
Reinforce a positive attitude.
Talk to someone and be friendly.
& From here on out, you'll see if he still wants to continue having you in his life.
Sit down and talk about necessities.
Always be nice and considerate to everyone.
Feed and take care of your neighbors’ pets while they’re out of town.
Not buying a brand new car and dressing cheaper doesn't make somebody worth less than another person.
Eat lunch together, if you go to school.
- Work on your list.
Keep his personal stories and secrets to yourself.
Focus on you.
Stare at someone until they get uncomfortable.
Be genuinely nice!.
Clean yourself.
Be prepared to be there for the long haul.
Try to look him in the eyes.
Discover the mail delivery schedule.
Do chores at home and respect your parents.
Get the supplies.
Don't treat her like one of your guy friends.
Text them to tell them you like them in a casual way.
Try progressive muscle relaxation.
Wear what you feel most comfortable in.
Ignore taunting.
Maintain a sense of mystery.
Start using menstrual hygiene products.
Make sure your girl knows you care about her!.
Get along well with boys and girls.
Make-up.
Consider hiring a private investigator.
Open the door really quickly.
Use positive affirmations to help build yourself up.
Act professionally and keep your stand clean.
Be yourself!.
Conceal your tiredness.
Buy tickets for them.
Remember to be yourself.
Make a faux pompadour.
Speak to school authorities and inform them of gang activity.
When you go to lunch sit down near the people you would like to be friends with.
Find out what you are doing the next day.
Be specific about the behaviors that concern you.
Find a charity or store in your local area, that you want to help out.
Talk to a new person.
Try a moisturizing facial mask.
Don't talk behind peoples backs.
Tell your parents your side of the story, too.
Consider whether or not your crush is all you think about.
Cut contact with him completely if he rejects you or is unavailable.
Express your personal style.
Get accessories.
Stay faithful, loving, and caring.
Paint your walls a new color.
Be aware that toothpaste is not a dermatologist-approved acne treatment.
Use a moisturizer if your skin gets too dry.
Help out around the house.
Don't be a weasel, ferret, stoat or teacher's pet.
Move at her speed.
When signing up you got to make sure he or she wants to do it.
Be careful not to give up your advantage too soon.
Read the privacy policy before creating an account.
Bring lunch to school.
Experiment with your hair.
"Actually listen".
Gather your materials.
Practice visualization.
Start this process around Christmas or your birthday.
Dress for your body type.
Search for jewelry at estate and garage sales.
Talk to others about your fears and worries.
Keep calm.
Connect with potential buyers.
Provide healthy meals for your child.
Ask her yourself.
Talk to your doctor about taking vitamin A supplements.
Ask whether you could move into a different room.
Hesitate before agreeing to plans.
Consider how much he tells you about himself.
Take breaks.
Select your favorite style.
Make some book covers.
Make a list of the specific stereotypes that you wish to avoid.
Tease her playfully.
Review your notes and try your best and learn from your mistakes.
Consider your aspirations for future colleges and careers.
Make strong eye contact.
Know that all girls are different.
Remember to smile!.
Be honest if you’re not interested in her.
Use his imagination.
Consider your style.
Learn the rules.
Be a noncombatant.
Apply a serum containing salicylic acid for a concentrated solution.
Pursue those hobbies you would like to take up, but never get to.
Walk with her while you're talking, and make sure to look at her.
Be neutral.
Have a tie-dye day.
Consider oral medications.
Focus on the things you like about your body.
Have a parent take you on a piggy-bag ride.
Stay away from drugs and alcohol.
Support your brother by attending meaningful events in his life.
Stay organized.
You might want to have a whiteboard on your locker (inside), so friends can sign it and you can write down important things, Like: tests, homework, parties - anything at all!.
Fill your box with candy, then slide it between two books on your bookshelf.
Make her laugh.
Hold their hand or put your arm around them.
Invest some of the money you earn into business ventures.
Get two Big Notebooks.
Prepare food.
Know the health benefits.
Go minimal with makeup.
Try an ice cube.
Break free of conventional rules.
Get permission from the headteacher.
Volunteer in the school or classroom.
Appreciate him, and let him know.
Sound courteous and sweet, avoiding defensive, accusatory, or frustrated tones.
Find out if you already know somebody at your new school.
Your Locker.
Fill out any paperwork ahead of time, if you must drop it off on the first day of school.
Take the friend approach.
Make a list of simple pleasures, and try to surround yourself with 'free beauty.
Leave.
Make it a point to visit her.
Wear clothes that you feel good in.
Think about how often you will use your backpack.
Wash your buttocks every morning and night.
Update your status.
Write down everything.
Be confident in your faith in Christ.
Don't get deeply socially involved.
Think about your personality, what annoys people about you?.
As for the girl you're pursuing...make sure you like her for the right reasons.
Give yourself another reason to go.
Use colorful eyeliner.
Send mixed signals.
Make your own inside jokes to share with everyone.
Be there for her.
Ask what his ideal type is, and see if it sounds like you.
Use music only if you're sure it helps you stay focused.
Spread your money across different types of investments.
Gather or purchase the items you want for the kit.
Talk to her.
Be kind towards others.
Be in touch with your BFFs: Just because you are new to a school or college does not mean you can make new friends and forget the others.
Seek support from another friend who's there.
Respect their criticisms.
Keep your wardrobe clean and tidy.
Work with an experienced mentor.
Try not to use too much tongue.
Decide whether you will admit your crush.
Get a job if you want to work regular hours.
Keep it fresh.
Get close.
Sleep.
Know when it's time to say goodbye.
Use social media to connect over shared interests.
When you ask her out be sure of yourself and almost insist that she join you for a bite to eat or a walk in the park.
Tell him your feelings for an indirect approach.
Avoid being clingy.
Treat everyone equally, with respect and dignity - just like you want them to treat you.
Once you've glanced at him quickly, look away and continue on with whatever you were doing.
Remove the Biore face strip from its packaging.
Find an after-school job where you can earn tips if you’re over 16.
Put on your shoes once you’re outside.
Start earning money now in case you want to buy fancy versions of something your parents are not willing to spring for.
Make sure you're strict about you staying if you let them back in.
Find out future lessons.
Ask your mom to think it over.
Be prepared before you take your picture.
Know that you have the right to use the bathroom of your choice.
Write them a note explaining your feelings for a romantic gesture.
Have amazing food.
Take responsibility.
Know your audience.
Once a slow song comes on, seek the boy out!.
Plan ahead to meet your college application deadlines.
Try swimming if you have access to a pool or beach.
Recognize the different causes of acne.
Stay away from the teacher's desk!.
You don't have to become a nerd, but pay attention in class and strive to do well in your studies.
Plan for the future.
Go get your hair cut in a totally new style.
Get dressed in something nice, but comfortable.
Put things you’ll need in a backpack.
Wear nice clothes and add accessories.
Take notes in class.
Ask your parent to visit their doctor to make sure they’re okay.
Be trustworthy.
Keep in mind that you're the cool big sibling now.
Listen to feedback directly from her.
Talk about him a lot.
Talk to potential romantic interests.
Use pauses.
Look both ways to check for oncoming traffic.
Do your homework together.
Cheer them up if they're down.
Confront the person and ask to be treated with respect.
Try to ask her in person when she’s not around other people.
Test out each spot where you're about to put your feet.
Dress nicely when coming to class.
Make him laugh with your sense of humor.
Get your friends to support you.
Let go of the "what ifs" so you can move on.
Set goals for your future.
Moisturize exposed areas.
Remember that your family is there for you.
Put in your combination but don't open.
Create the right mindset.
Pretend you are sick on the day you have your appointment scheduled.
Accessories are an important part in any fashion.
Mass produce.
Remove any weapons or prescription pills.
Brush your teeth.
Put yourself in someone else's shoes.
Move to a safe place away from the bullies.
Now that the majority of social situations are covered, all that's left are academics.
Don't force yourself to be positive all the time.
Ask yourself if he acts different around you.
Bring up the issue smoothly.
Babysit if you like kids and you're very responsible.
Take time to get over her.
Do activities you enjoy.
End arguments.
Don't compare yourself to other people.
Listen to your friend's answers.
Drop it.
Shower or bathe regularly to cut down on body odor.
Choose a theme.
Think about why you (over)eat.
Practice self-affirmations.
Download with caution.
Say hi to people and smile!.
Talk to a doctor about potential learning disorders.
Have a food allergy test done.
Don't act too exclusive or clingy if you already have a group of friends.
Help people with computer or phone stuff.
Take action.
Keep accepting yourself.
Give them your number.
Write about your feelings.
Be truly confident.
Avoid eye-contact.
Apply a crushed up aspirin.
Go to Word or your word processing software and begin typing.
Confront your fears.
Add a streak of color to one section of your hair.
Gather the notes you have collected and organize your thoughts.
Let them know if you can’t text for long.
Add a cap with an eye-catching pattern to top off your outfit.
Try to stay friends with food too!.
Show that you are a leader outside of student council of friends boosts your popularity and chances of winning.
Don’t overdo it.
Take some time to paint.
Notice your behavior towards your parents.
Accept and embrace that your goals may change.
Pack water and a snack in your kit.
Check their bedrooms.
Do activities that challenge you.
Give the students the ability to make meaningful change.
Determine if you can be 'real' with them.
Don't let rude people ruin your day.
On the next slow song, if the boy has a girlfriend, find another one to dance with.
Give each girl a souvenir bag with cute goodies and snacks from the party.
Keep in touch with your old friends.
Check in with your parents from time to time.
Understand that teachers will be there to help you.
Be outgoing and friendly.
Identify any scarring left over from the acne.
Choose clothing and accessories that make you feel good.
Spend time with people who improve your image.
Get a pair of skinny jeans.
Buy some tight/semi-loose fit, plain black denim jeans!.
Laugh, make natural jokes and always have a smile fixed to your face.
Check in with everyone.
Complete a medical assessment.
Plan in some fun and blanket-sleeper safe pre-sleepover activities you can do while dressed in your sleepers.
Help people on your time, but still be considerate.
Consider what size you will need.
Consider going to family therapy.
Pillow fights are also great just make sure the pillows don't have any hard zips or anything on them.
Compliment him whenever he has done anything positive.
Find a support system.
Send a text or instant message.
Put your heaviest, biggest book in first, standing upright in the back of your bag, so you feel on big flat surface upon your back, instead of a bunch of lumpy things and book corners poking you.
Set up a place to study.
Wash. All clothing and bed clothing.
Be on time.
Note whether he mentions new things about your appearance.
Get input about what everyone wants to do.
Look for a common goal.
Ask more questions to get to know her even better.
Talk to her, but keep the conversation short.
Avoid situations that may cause you to give into peer pressure.
Make eye contact and smile when you're around your crush.
Always do your research before you donate your time, money, or old things.
Be outgoing in classes so that people notice you.
Laugh it off.
Ask him on a date.
Block your friend’s phone number.
Ask your friends what he says about you when you're not around.
Plan activities that can have an impact on your reunion.
Wear a beret.
Make up a travel writing kit.
Don't annoy the boys you are hanging around with.
Rinse off the case.
Understand what being an eccentric actually is.
Talk about what you love.
Tutor.
Ask your parents if they have a household budget.
Write about how you’re feeling if you need an additional outlet.
Make your phone difficult to see.
Say your reasons eloquently.
Take on a common interest.
Experiment with different methods.
Tutor other kids.
Buy cheap pillows and blankets.
Try selling jelly and custard.
Alter your diet.
Be ready to be interviewed.
Compliment the family member who made 'this delicious dinner', mention that the soup was great.
Participate in all the activities.
Display Your Personality.
Never think you are lonely.
Learn as much as you can about him before you meet.
Make plans to do something with her if you like her.
Encourage your friend to seek help.
Once you spot the bully, avoid them.
Handle conflict in a calm manner.
Push the locker door in if you're able to turn the key.
Maintain awareness of the traffic around you.
Value the friends you have.
Pay attention to their friends’ actions when you’re around.
Use touch.
Take an outfit for that day, based on what you will be doing.
Reach out to other family members.
Start the slumber party at sunset.
Take dating slow.
See if he grabs an opportunity to hang out with you outside of school.
Store or put aside your electronics.
Focus on your sister’s positives qualities.
Know hospitalization is only used as a last resort.
Do the design work.
Try to find days you know you'll be absent right after those days to tell your friends you two broke up.
Sleep during the day.
Make sure it’s legal for you to date the guy you like.
Be independent and an individual.
Think of the possible places to take her that is considered affordable if money is an issue.
Go all out on designer bags and jewelry.
Decide on something to do.
Protect yourself from cyberbullying.
Surround yourself with smart people.
Get involved in activities.
Look for a certified slabbed coin.
Assign a different day of the week to pray for different people.
Bring your teacher his or her favorite snack or dessert.
Keep your software updated.
If they have still said no after all of this, don't get sarcastic or defiant toward your parents.
Pat dry.
Laugh at the insult.
Bring make-up if you wear it.
Make or email invitations.You could use evites or you can buy some glamorous invites from your local store or make it more original with a few supplies and creativity.
Find a source of income.
Pick a hobby.
Acknowledge that it’s fun to them.
Write chord progressions with major chords.
Embrace braids.
Help your parents.
Tell him you are not comfortable with the situation.
Confide in a friend to talk out your feelings.
Stretch beforehand to avoid your joints from cracking and making any noise.
Now count up the number of underlines on the whole chart for the week.
Be careful about small things.
Change your own behavior.
Taking charge in the bedroom.
Play games or hang out with them in their room.
Take some lessons in guitar/piano/violin/etc.
Find a group that shares your interests.
Wear your cap with the pointed headpiece facing the front.
Promote your business.
Grow your hair out.
Sing to your sibling.
Stick to the facts.
Be civil and respectful around school generally.
Consider attaching a small, cute gift.
Appearance.
Decorate and fill your tent.
Consider your clothing style.
Stand up for her.
Spend time outdoors or exercising to make yourself feel better.
Do free.
Apply ice to the pimple.
Set trends!.
Let everyone leave on their own.
After using these tips, scan your garden (And your list) for anything you have to fix not mentioned here.
Forgive yourself.
Determine your skin type.
Give post-hardcore a listen.
Get emergency care for an allergic reaction to an acne treatment.
Love others for who they are.
Show support by being his cheerleader.
Wear the shirts that you get for volunteering for things like Green Peace, Habitat for Humanity and other eco volunteer projects.
Track how one person’s dramas effect you.
Try wearing simple makeup.
Choose an area of interest.
Also make sure you're there for them through the ups and downs.
Make your best guess.
Go school shopping for your school supplies.
Wait until you find someone.
Learn that if you do badly on one test, it will teach you to review for the rest!.
Write down your goals on a white board.
Have a life.
If you have finished step #1 and have decided, after careful assessment, that you do not want to be friends, trust your decision.
Be active on social networks such as Instagram and Facebook.
Find a legitimate reason to break up with her.
Be sincere.
Do not take it personally.
Keep records.
Think about your health.
Keep your course materials organized in a folder or binder.
Use a journal to ask her out romantically.
Encourage open communication.
Wash your hands.
Keep her interest by maintaining your appearance and attitude.
Move on if it seems like your crush isn’t interested.
Make the bathroom fresh.
Make them a playlist.
Prove that you are mature.
Have a conversation.
Make them work for your attention when they do come back around.
Get family members and friends on board.
Make a budget.
Choose an outfit that makes you feel confident.
Wear a headband.
Be outgoing so you’re open to trying new things.
To fulfill the first part of the phrase "student-athlete", your child must put academics first.
Get the candy.
Wear unusual and artistic accessories.
Only bring the books that you need for that class.
Listen carefully to the teacher and follow along with the lesson.
Avoid making fun of anyone, ever.
Do not talk too much about your personal life.
Gather what supplies you do have.
Organize a car wash. A car wash is another great way to make money.
Take her out.
Be prepared for school photographs.
If you have face cream, it's good to apply so your face stays moist.
Keep your hygiene up.
Try not to stare at or fixate on your pimple.
Have fun with friends and family.
Gather some supplies to help keep you organized.
Go to a spot alone with them.
Get his mobile/cell phone number.
See if they’d like to participate in a support group.
Memorize your schedule.
Stick to what you know.
Talk to him.
Take responsibility for your actions.
Keep your feet and legs in mind as well.
Check with local grocery stores for openings.
Avoid making eye contact.
Paint a single toenail of one twin.
Advertise online.
Try to be confident.
Make sure new partners are comfortable with the friendship.
Maintain your personal interests.
Make sure she is available.
Consider to whom and where you want to sell these items.
Find a way to engage with the material.
It's OK to dislike people's actions, just love them as a person.
Take your mom to see a movie.
Change into your swimming suit and take a dip in the neighborhood pool with your friends and siblings.
Know your teachers' different styles.
Treat yourself every now and then.
Avoid junk food restaurants as much as possible.
If you don't attend a school with recess, skip this step.
Eat a new dish.
Keep your locker clean with regular maintenance.
If you want to come clean to your crush, don't put it off.
Tuck your pants into your boots to give you that combative look!.
Avoid answering the phone.
Work on a project together.
Reach out to your school counselor.
Stay away from unfriendly cliques at school.
Pick a time.
Tickle her.
Textbooks can be very expensive, so search for second-hand.
Stay away from spots where you know you’ll likely see him.
Recognize how your parents are bothering you.
Make your brace a fashion statement.
Look in the mirror.
Do some science experiments at home and show your teacher.
Keep a journal.
Take care of your looks.
Relax.
Always wear jeans.
Use smaller binders.
Find out everything you need for each class.
Take action early on.
Don’t talk about people behind their backs.
Accept your punishment without complaining.
Plan a vacation.
Accept it if she doesn’t call you back.
Get acquainted.
Reconnect with others.
Resist temptation.
Answer questions honestly.
Study your notes and keep good study habits.
Gently peel the strip off.
Try not to stress if you don’t meet anyone on your first day.
Eat a good dinner, but don't overdo it.
Tell your parents about your epic sleepover plan.
Assign roles.
Make eye contact, smile, then look away for an easy way to flirt.
Make a decision to forgive.
Keep a journal of your emotions.
Do chores.
Try picking something up and handing it to him with a smile if he accidentally knocks it over.
Strike up a conversation, if you can.
Defuse jealousy.
Be a good sport at games.
Avoid eating too much sugar before bed.
Check out some out-of-town shows.
While your locker is drying, sort out the items into piles.
Look for healthier drink options.
Try getting a nerdy romantic partner (if you're looking for one).
Think realistically.
Make an account on a journal site such as LiveJournal.
Never let your flaws dominate your thoughts in this process.
Don't say, "I love you" right away.
Avoid combative conversations.
Talk to others about your parents' behavior.
Last but not least, try to be friendly!.
Don’t squander your profits.
Spend as little time as is possible around uber-controlling people.
Think about whether he keeps breaking plans or avoiding you.
Do the stitching.
Before you go, check if you are allowed to bring electronics.
Tidy your room.
Cry.
Act like you're confident even when you don't feel that way.
Examine your yard.
Experience curiosity about your body.
Head home and do something quiet and very fun, like study for school, tidy up your room, organize your dresser, and even practice your musical instrument.
Spend time doing things they enjoy.
Avoid over-dressing or under-dressing for the occasion.
Make up the bed.
Talk about it with someone you trust.
Be her friend so you can get to know her.
Buy some ipecac syrup at your local pharmacy.
Give your kids their favorite foods without being boring.
Remember that she is just looking out for you.
Put your shoes on after you’re already outside.
Listen to music really loud on your earphones in the street, on the bus, or in your souped up chav-car.
Tuck items inside each other to save space.
Know your schedule.
Opt for a slow song if you don't dance.
Set tangible goals.
Input answers into your graphing calculator.
Be trustworthy and reliable.
Find ways to hide your browsing.
Move on to new projects.
Work at a retail store or restaurant.
Stand tall and keep your head up.
Play on the play equipment.
Aim to have fun.
Try your best at everything.
Use a pet name.
Have healthy, nice nails.
Make sure partner is comfortable with all of this.
Bottom.
Work on improving your memory.
Help around the house.
Laugh at the meanness.
Pursue other interests.
Eccentrics don't usually follow traditional gender roles.
Tell them you are happy to see them.
Be an amazing date.
Buy yourself something you've always wanted.
Flip to the other side or backside of the "Cardboard Backing Sheet.".
Get help from your friends.
Think about the sort of musician you want to date, and what instrument you'd prefer they play.
Spend time building relationships with each student.
If someone is recounting a story, wait until they pause, then vocally ask a question or comment on it.
Try to use the available resources effectively and properly.
Say goodbye to anyone moving.
Ask about being prescribed acne medications.
Consider the root cause of your deception.
Practice good oral and personal hygiene.
Customize pencils.
Share Your Gross In-Flight Meal.
Make sure you get your book bag packed for the next day, you wouldn't want to go to school without your homework or supplies.
Don't go on dates.
Find support online.
Set a time limit for waiting.
Avoid making bad choices.
Be creative with your clothes.
Have Awesome Hair.
Don't change who you really are, because in the end it's still you.
Enter your search criteria into the search bar.
Look for new hobbies to seem more interesting to other people.
Bury or hide the time capsule.
After the last dance is over, tell him that you had a nice time.
Apply blush for a flushed look.
Heavy breathing means that someone is in deep sleep, so they will be hard to wake up.
Tell someone.
Develop your own Personality!.
Keep in mind his sense of humour.
Take breaks while you are working.
Make some small snacks.
Be a nice girl.
Sleep at least 8 hours per night.
Look for telling behaviors.
Write.
Steal her phone to ask her out.
Be consistent.
Tell him you don't like him.
Develop a list of conversation starters.
Draw or paint a picture.
Build strong relationships.
Be mature during conflicts with your siblings.
Exit early.
Don't use your first or last name when creating an account.
Try a cutout window.
Then talk to a representative who runs the cafeteria and ask if you can have a random health inspection during the month of (insert month).
Avoid doing drugs or drinking alcohol.
Buy used items or items on sale.
Say you'd like to talk to them about something important.
Practice basic rules of hygiene.
Go to any church services early.
Have hobbies at home.
Ask your peers.
Hygiene.
Compliment both her inner and outer beauty to show you appreciate her.
Become a knight in shining armour.
Assemble a travel toiletries case.
Talk to your family.
Let your child pick a friend or family member to pray for each day.
Get to know about his interests and the important relationships in his life.
Work closely with them on school projects.
If you STILL want to say no, thank this person (if you hung out together) for all the good times you had.
Arrive early.
Use your classroom computer!.
Attend indie film festivals.
After making sure your school is okay with you putting up posters, make a ton of colorful, bright posters.
Be courteous and let others speak before you.
Leave some space open next to you at lunch or the next sporting event.
Make sure you understand what they're angry about.
Talk to your friend's crush.
Push back all of the cuticles with the cuticle pusher.
Ask the host's mom if you can go to the corner store to buy some goodies.
Go to the movies.
Make the interaction personable.
Rock your new nickname.
Kiss your brother.
After all of that, eat dinner, take a shower, and get a good night's rest!.
Begin weight-lifting.
Find out if there is an online page dedicated to the person who has died.
Show him you’re reliable by keeping your promises.
Here are some spontaneous things to do!.
Choose a duvet and throw pillows in a fun print or color.
Remember important dates.
Set up your planner.
Decorate the whole house with fun streamers and balloons in all your best friend's favorite colors.
Use medicated shampoos or shower gels.
Add a sign or stickers to the out side of your locker so you can tell which one is yours!.
Remember you are loved and you live to love.
Talk about time restrictions.
Make yourself look good throughout the conversation.
Find things you have in common with people in each group.
Jump to the top bunk.
Get in position:.
Look for the more grown-up-like versions of highlighting tools you once used.
Establish your lack of motivation.
Invite him to things.
Talk to the teacher or counselor.
Consider getting a tutor.
Practice quickly hiding your phone.
Avoid touching your crush inappropriately at the wrong moments.
Do not scrub or exfoliate your face.
Learn to cook.
Stop shaving.
Show your parents that you can make good choices.
Explore the feelings inside your boredom.
Talk about your date before you introduce them to your parents.
Walk to class one day, when you're with his friend, and chances are he's going to also walk with his friend.
Recruit teachers or club organizers to help with friendship match-making.
Act sophisticated.
Bring some extra clothes.
Empower your child by asking them questions.
At the suggested time, the class will do the suggested thing.
Consider your exercise regimen.
Learn how to debate.
Arrange your living space carefully; avoid living in a place that irritates or disgusts you.
Make a list of those like and dislikes, but don't put more than five in the dislike list.
Question yourself.
Let people know by your actions that this is a fresh new you!.
Be kind and a little outgoing to everyone on the first day.
Show them that you're proud to be homeschooled.
Offer to do chores for your neighbors.
Set goals for improvement.
Attempt to open the document.
See a therapist, if necessary.
Tell a teacher if your bullies don’t stop.
Pay attention if she frequently initiates conversations with you.
Wear some accessories.
Change your own actions.
Find a good time to talk.
Be creative.
Keep hole punch that goes in your binder so any papers your teacher hands you, you can put them in your binder (if you keep a binder).
Sweep and mop all floors.
Become a babysitter if you like kids.
Have a good time.
Start a bottle drive.
Wear comfortable and style underneath your gown.
Stay away from caffeine 4 to 6 hours before bedtime.
Learn how to flirt correctly.
Ask your doctor about acne medication if the problem persists.
Build your resilience.
Consume foods with a low-glycemic index.
Have conversations with the popular guy.
Create another e-mail account.
Practice your lady walk to increase your confidence and appeal.
Maintain a food diary.
Know your rights as trans person.
Decide who to talk to.
Establish your own doctrine and walk into it.
Attend all of your class to show your commitment to learning.
Slowly let the fart come out.
Wear a jacket with lots of pockets.
Appreciate her good attributes.
Start studying earlier and more effectively for the next test.
Consider joining a study group.
Do breathing exercises to relax before seeing her.
Smile often and portray positive body language.
Have an amazing sense of style.
Read a book to distract you from feeling sad or angry.
Treat wrinkles or cracked heels.
Is he willing to make changes for you?.
Try to get out of the house.
Use the buddy system.
Overcome your fear and go for it.
Write a short story.
Try singing away your stress.
Keep showing interest.
Be honest and courteous.
Ensure that your body is getting proper vitamins.
Consider how many pockets and divisions you want.
Wash all the dishes.
Look for signals of flirting.
Make a list of places you need to get to in an average school week and tick them off when you know how to get to them.
Have a jewelry making party.
Let your personality shine.
Don't put off studying or doing a project until the last minute.
Practice your writing.
Play jump or dive.
Purchase the Biore Deep Cleansing Pore Strips Combo pack.
Laugh a lot.
Let durable but cheap be the basis of your budget shopping.
Spend some time getting to know yourself before dating again.
Learn about LGBT+ issues.
Check her posture.
Try to tell your crush sooner rather than later.
Tell them that you want one for real reasons.
Don't miss out on visit days.
Keep spare eyewear and eye care supplies.
Watch a children's program.
Wear do-rag.
If you and your guests like making movies then go for it.
Get plenty of rest.
Talk to your family and friends, you never know; somebody might have some odd-jobs or well paying task that could result in you being quite wealthy in a short period of time!.
Get your mind off it.
Wear the perfect top.
Avoid gossip, on both sides.
Ask about acne-treating antibiotics.
Go to any store that sells clothing and buy a bunch of all black T-shirts, not too big, not too small!.
Join a few clubs or sports and make more friends in this way.
Keep apologies simple.
Don't talk about electronics constantly.
Have lots of snacks.
Use a little technology to help you come off as cool.
Dress for the weather.
Realize that sometimes, people might not accept you for some of the decisions that belong to you discovering you.
Whenever you find someone likes the same music/video games/movies as you, take advantage of that and start talking with them.
Consider how your parents respond to your accomplishments.
Try pet-sitting.
Have something to say.
Clean out your bag.
Power down your electronics at least an hour before bed.
Remove body hair gently.
Only buy the types of supplies you need.
Wash your items.
Keep it to yourself.
Learn what types of birth control are available.
Don't forget cardio.
Build community with others like you.
Try not to get into fights around the girl.
Make him feel confident, not jealous.
Join after-school activities.
Have somewhere to put the food.
Pay attention to details.
Avoid interacting with suspicious strangers.
Compliment him, but not on his looks.
Let the party begin!.
If you have a friend over tell them they can have what they want and if they have junk, go healthy and have a salad!.
Climb trees.
Learn some basic things.
Tell him why you think he might like you, then ask if he does.
Get microdermabrasion.
Use aloe vera.
See a dermatologist if you get repeated breakouts.
Do your research.
Have an adventure together.
Avoid being overconfident.
Use products that contain salicylic acid.
Help your mom around the house.
Don't correct the teacher unless it is an important concept or piece of advice.
Get some hipster role models.
Get along with other students.
Have open, honest communication.
Act confident even if you don’t feel so.
Hang out in groups.
Text the person you like to talk when you're not around.
Become friends with everyone you know, and then some.
Be ready for mood swings and try to learn how to cope with them.
Consider that there may be an underlying emotional or psychological problem going on that needs further attention.
Be straightforward and ask him if you want a definite answer.
Incorporate skin-healthy foods that contain in Vitamin A. Vitamin A is very important for skin health.
Start work as soon as possible.
Be proud.
Be prepared for complicated emotions.
Try not to touch your forehead.
Let your date talk about themselves more than you talk about yourself.
Once you're sure your fencing is safe, it's time to think about deck heights.
Show your personality during the photo session.
Flirt, but not desperately.
Tone down that make up.
Block and report the people who put unacceptable comments, If you access.
Eat an anti-inflammatory diet.
Eat a healthy snack every 2-3 hours.
Respect the girl's parents.
Look for positive ways to interact with the person you abuse.
Add challenging passwords to your online accounts.
Meet with a school counselor for anything at all.
Talk to a  counselor.
Drink responsibly.
Figure out the underlying cause.
Understand it may take a while to become comfortable around boys.
Try not to be alone.
Don’t procrastinate.
Learn how to be confident.
Spend some time together.
Write in a journal.
Show your poster to someone who hasn't seen your poster yet, and get feedback from them about how your poster stands out, puts the point across etc.
Track how you spend your time for more balance.
Remember criticism is different than feedback.
Ask your friends what they think.
Don’t refer to foods as “bad” or forbid food them altogether.
Recognize signs of bullying.
Sing.
Study well for tests and remain constantly prepared.
Laugh at her jokes.
Lean on your friends.
Hang out in a casual setting.
Compliment yourself daily.
Remember this saying, to: "The More You Hate Someone, The More You love Someone.
Confide in someone trustworthy.
Make a big request first.
If you are an aggressive person, keep your aggressiveness in check.
Hang out with other friends while you’re fighting with your best friend.
Tone down eagerness.
Prepare for the winter.
Try some probing questions.
Plan long term.
Keep up your popularity and if you want, have parties every second day.
Review each other’s personal boundaries.
Take care of him when he's sick.
Look up your school online.
Think about ways to avoid this situation in the future.
Have better friendships.
Prepare snacks.
Talk to them.
Set up boundaries and make deals.
Be available as often as possible.
Have a sleepover.
Start by placing a piece of scratch paper over the problems that you do not need to finish at the moment.
Tell your partner you’re thankful for them.
Label your items.
Stop using makeup, hair spray, or creams if they cause acne.
Do household chores if you want to earn money at home.
Keep oils from your hair off your face.
Buy a very cheap pair of slippers, a cheap toothbrush, tiny tubes of toothpaste and one spare set of PJ's just in case someone forgets their stuff.Be sure to have pads AND tampons because a period can strike at the oddest of times.
Look around at the beach.
Brighten an elderly person's day.
Tackle that craft project you have sitting around.
Exercise in your free time.
Accept the second offer that your lender offers you.
Get a fade.
Inquire as to whether your school has a peer-helper program.
See if they can keep a secret.
If needed, get a new backpack.
Advertise as much as you can.
Be aware that when crushing you may have formed an ideal of your boyfriend.
Use an air horn.
Be direct with your intentions, but keep things casual.
Be willing.
Get to know his friends - (but not too well!).
Get some of the latest cool things to take to school to impress friends with!.
Have an action plan.
After that, put everything back in the right folder, close your binder, and put it in your backpack.
If you want him extremely jealous, put your arms around a guy, hold his hand, or even hug him when you're around the guy you like.
Examine your expectations.
Create a good environment at home to support your school success.
Offer help rather than criticism.
Look for win-win solutions to conflicts.
Stay up to date on current events.
Buy any movies or games that you and your friend will want to watch or play.
Try to quit cheerleading and do stuff like Girl Scouts and sports camp (it can be handy to know some Girl Scouts cooking in your later years) if you want to.
Set a goal for school every day.
Get a haircut that suits you.
Clean the house, you never know, mums love a clean house to come home to.
Shopping.
Express your emotions and feelings in healthy ways.
Drop a school supply on the floor.
Apply the medication with your fingertips.
Make your guests promise they will try to stay awake all of or the majority of the night.
Talk regularly.
Meet with your reunion committee members at least once a month in person or conference call to discuss details of your reunion that you plan.
Look for appropriate mint marks.
Hook your tassel onto the button at the top of the mortar board.
At your school, show them off and think how lucky you are to have two great parents.
Wear some jewelry.
Take care of things the night before.
Know that many bullies maintain an active presence online that you should be aware of.
Arrange the items to make the best use of space in the container.
Avoid participating in gossip.
Buy a cylindrical (or any shaped) jars or holders of different sizes.
Be unique.
Be brave to be social.
Don't manipulate.
Form a band.
Get a White board.
Be opinionated.
Advocate love as opposed to hate -- peace as opposed to war -- self-expression as opposed to inhibition.
Complement the other person.
Encourage kindness.
Pick a day to tell them.
Start looking at your money situation.
Be addicted to your phone/facebook.
Focus on other things in your life other than boys or looks.
Read goth books.
Don't put on tons of make-up to try to impress him.
Avoid spending time with the boy.
Take care of yourself.
Develop a unique personality.
Ask one of your new friends if they are trying out for a sport!.
Shop for used vehicles.
If you feel that you are unhappy with your appearance, see a doctor or a health professional and discuss your options.
Have a specific date in mind.
Make sure your toothbrush, shoes, and so on are where you can find them.
Get good grades!.
Get a tent and find space in your yard.
Find squad members.
You know he's right if he's patient with you.
Spend time together doing things you both enjoy.
Call a helpline for support if someone in your household is abusing you.
Connect with others.
Choose your eyeliner.
Get a good night's rest.
Always have blinged out nails, gel nails, or French tips.
Having an all-nighter may seem fun while you're at it, but it sure won't be fun when you're asleep on your desk when the teacher calls on you.
Add shelves.
Design your perfume.
Do more research into the goth genres, and discover your favourite sound.
Know your crushes.
If you have hard floors, wear socks to avoid squeaking and other noises.
Don't be overly anxious.
If you don't want them keeping you up at night let them sleep in a tent outside but make sure everyone (including parents) is fine with it.
Wash your hair daily with a good shampoo and conditioner, and never skimp on one or the other.
Have fun!.
Incorporate a lot of textiles into your decor.
Start going to sleep a bit early when it's the night before the first day of school.
Educate yourself on psychedelic drugs.
Consider the seasons in your area.
Engage in good hygiene.
Consider making friends with other loners.
Become a busser at a restaurant.
Here are some awesome places if you need some inspiration: Lululemon, American Eagle, Aeropostale, Pink, Victoria Secret, Aerie, and Hollister.
It's not necessary to use words like solid, groovy, dig, etc., but if you want to, find a guide to 60s slang such as The Hip Pocket Book.
Ask a teacher to mentor your project.
If you don't want to learn programming, you can use a website maker such as Weebly or Webs.
Keep your words to a limit.
Get that bed set!.
Before you approach him, take a deep breath and get your nervous feelings out.
Suggest playing games or doing your hair together.
Be active for an hour a day.
Purchase a stainless steel (with a corkboard-like backing) straightedge/ruler with you for every math class.
Don't be insecure!.
Think about your clothing.
Set aside time for family.
Kandi is a good idea, too.
Keep your interactions positive to make an impact.
Make people laugh.
Eat food that you don’t have at your own house.
Make flyers and business cards.
Try not to take your parents’ favoritism personally.
Make sure your hair always looks nice.
Give it to him discreetly.
Buy a good book bag or tote.
Choose each other’s outfits for a week.
Give information, but only to people you know well.
Wear fun and unique clothes.
Buy your other supplies.
Start an at-home exercise routine.
Know what the comment is talking about.
Use positive, open body language.
Get a relative’s vintage pieces.
Improve your attitude.
Find some new tunes.
Be chivalrous.
Decide if telling your friend is the right thing to do.
Do your best to avoid "demonizing" the TV.
Talk to them about where you're going to live, your job, and anything that they may want to know about.
Before clicking on what you're really going to look at on the other page, pull down the Safari menu and click on "Private Browsing".
Before you try to talk to them, have a mental outline of what you're going to say.
Show your true colors.
Give and take.
Put makeup on each other while blindfolded.
Keep your hair done and not scruffy.
Note exactly what you are having trouble with at school.
Understand that it’s a game.
Organize one family night a week.
Prepare yourself.
Use a black, navy blue, or red colored eye shadow.
Make merchandise.
Organize students into groups on the day of the event.
Wait for his reaction.
Try setting up a schedule in the morning that will help you with staying organized.
Peel the plastic backing off the strip.
Clothes.
Buy a video game.
Stop if you encounter a police officer.
Ask your parents to host a party or barbecue.
Recognize that bullying is never your fault.
Love yourself.
Use humor in your conversations to keep things fresh.
Shave your body hair to look more femme.
Wait for him to ask.
Let the relationship go if need be.
Invite a friend, cousin, or sibling to go to the park with you.
Start with the basics.
Listen to your voice.
Put earrings on that match the necklace, and make sure they go with the outfit.
Adopt some of the little everyday habits that will make your lifestyle more artsy.
Talk to a mental health professional.
Wait for a good opportunity.
Respect nature and animals.
Attempt to become their best friend.
Eat the candy in secret.
Assert your right to be heard.
Observe the school dynamics.
Get some perspective.
Get involved with your school’s international exchange program.
Treat him/her like you would treat a friend.
Go out into your yard.
Be mindful of those around you if you choose to swear.
If they are worried about siblings feeling jealous, tell them you will share it with them.
Bear in mind that the classrooms will be in order.
Lead by example.
With art supplies, be careful.
Chew chewing gum as much as possible.
Use non animal tested, mineral makeup.
Look out of the windows.
Read the best fashion magazines out there.
Find a tutor that specializes in adult illiteracy.
Put the cap away until you need it.
Tell the truth to your friend all of the time.
Read magazines.
Have good hygiene to make yourself look presentable.
Get your blackheads extracted if they bother you.
Look your best around them.
Find something that you both have in common.
See how it goes from there.
Celebrate holidays with lunch.
Avoid feeling that you have to wear makeup.
Use a mask.
Spend time with positive people.
Tell them you understand their concerns about your career and future.
Think about some mellow and quiet  songs that set the tone/mood for the slumber party.
Write it down.
Listen to music and dance.
Exercise with a friend.
Start a conversation with them.
If you keep your phone in your back pocket lock the keypad.
Sell crafts.
Don't join a clique or impress her with popularity.
Know what agnosticism is.
Try out dark shades of lipstick and nail polish.
Ask others about how to get involved.
Be polite.
If you freak out too much when talking to a cute boy, then try talking to a nice, average-looking guy first.
Sneak in extra exercise.
Protect children from verbal abuse.
Be patient with parents.
Try to find solutions for your problems.
Introduce yourself the same way you would to anyone else.
Hide your prized belongings.
Eat a good lunch every day.
Get inspired by magazines and books.
Be engaged in conversations.
Be a leader.
Wash your hands frequently to prevent catching a virus.
Join a sports team, gym, or fitness club to develop a fitness routine.
Wear pants or tights.
Cut up fruit and vegetables so they're easier to eat.
Be friends with him.
Don't look contrived in your efforts to strike up conversation.
Find support.
Pull and steal style inspiration from everywhere.
Eat healthily.
Type a 4-digit passcode.
Stock the kit.
Do not swear a lot, but do not cringe when others do either.
Recognize that it’s all about your reaction.
Eat a tasty dinner with your parents, siblings, and pets.
Expect to start growing hair in the armpit region.
Have the right expression.
Listen patiently.
See a psychiatrist if you become depressed or anxious.
Get exercise.
Add your lunch or snack, and anything else that's ruined if smashed to the top of the backpack.
Keep your cool and avoid making the first move.
Fall asleep.
Help your child engage in conflict mediation.
Intervene immediately if you see unsafe or aggressive behavior.
See your doctor if you have cystic or nodule acne.
Invite people who seem compatible with you to hang out.
Create an image for yourself.
Collect buttons that reflect your personality and interests.
Choose what to push for.
Study your heritage.
It may seem like the worst decision of your life and nothing will ever be right again, but that's not true.
Do what you want.
Ask for help if you need it.
Look fabulous.
Let people know you're offering a service.
Enroll in a program.
Include a treat every once in a while.
Let your partner think they are more experienced than you.
Listen to see if he talks about himself often in conversation.
Drop hints before you tell her you don’t like her.
Remember that the experience is temporary.
Validate yourself.
Remember one thing, nobody is perfect.
Own up and apologize if your parents catch you smoking.
Prepare your date for your parents possible reactions.
Prove them wrong.
Be positive and study all the time.
Set realistic goals.
Think about whether they come up with reasons to hang out with you.
Tell your enemies how you feel.
Cover up the pimple with makeup.
Check your credit report.
Know the common traits of both male and female bullies:.
Get yourself out of the situation.
Ignore the problem behavior.
Communicate with your parents to establish goals.
Introduce her to your friends and family.
Look the part.
Find a link between your classes.
Be hygienic!.
Be your own friend.
Observe your parents' daily routine.
Enjoy yourself.
Wear your hair down and wavy.
Always see a dermatologist if the acne persists for too long.
Bind your new textbooks neatly.
Ask him out if it feels right.
Gather all of the items and materials.
Take steps to reach an important goal.
Organize a family trip.
Whisper to the person closest to you "At [insert time here] [insert what you want to do here].
Be confident, have good posture, stay fit, and have an awesome time in middle school.
Be hot!.
Borrow money.
Get somewhere safe.
Create opportunities to be with him.
Look cool, look refreshing.
Comfort your sibling when they're sad.
Forgive the person if they hurt you so you won’t be weighed down.
Start your stall, and hope that people start lining up!.
Ask a teacher questions when you need help.
Encourage inclusive behaviors amongst your students.
Minimize the chance you will be heard.
Be clear.
Organize a walk-out rally outside the school.
Spend time with your mom.
Don't flirt with this person anymore.
Come up with a cute pet name.
Create your confidence.
Take walks on your own.
Spend quality time with your girlfriend without having to be asked.
Keep it balanced!.
Make the “big reveal” memorable.
Shift attention elsewhere.
Cover up your period stains.
Avoid teasing siblings on sensitive subjects.
Balance your life.
Ask for a date indirectly during a conversation.
Wet the area to be de-pored using warm water or a damp towel.
Be confident at school.
Deal with a stressful situation.
Use your common interests as a starting point.
Communicate about your needs and preferences.
Conversation.
Pack a bento box.
Be open to a new crush.
Don't go out to eat unless it is really necessary!.
Be cautious of leaving anything lying around.
Help institute school-based programs that address gang issues.
Give compliments to show that you’re interested in her.
Apply little lip gloss, but make sure you don't use too much.
Suggest a friendly one on one hangout.
Purchase some poster-board at a store.
Ask him questions about himself and listen to what he says.
Drop subtle hints.
Write down the numbers it locks at.
Deep-clean your locker 3-4 times per year.
Try not to let the heavier workload overwhelm you.
Understand why it's there.
Inquire about a prescription called Isotretinoin.
Stay hydrated.
Get a job (if you are old enough).
Write stories about your beliefs.
Ask an older sibling to help.
Wash with a water-based cleanser that is for oily and acne-prone skin types.
Call your crush to tell them about your feelings over the phone.
Remember that everyone feels nervous on their first day.
Be quirky and unique.
Watch how she acts around you.
Try out thugcore or "toughguy hardcore.".
Ask a mutual friend how she feels.
Don't use an overly large vocabulary.
Check in.
Bake cookies, lemon bars, or make pudding.
Follow school policies.
Push your tongue against the skin below your bottom teeth.
Know your teachers.
Make it evident that you have romantic interest in her- flirt with  her or give her compliments!.
Rinse again with cold water if desired.
Balance your time.
Get new clothes.
Notice whether your classmate is having signs of a panic attack.
Download security software for extra protection.
Develop hobbies.
Be around positive people when you’re at school.
Get help for excessive mood swings.
Talk to an older sibling about middle school, if you don't have anyone else to talk to.
Learn what he likes.
Most of all, do not use guides such as this one literally.
Have him help with cleaning.
Help your child avoid being targeted by cliques.
Support your friends and e-Pals.
If he doesn't start a conversation with you after smiling, YOU start the talking.
Be laid back, but girly.
Lean toward the person you like when they're talking.
Get pumped.
Observe true hipsters.
Be a leader, not a follower.
Don't argue with an abusive dad.
Click "Advanced Search" if you want to narrow your search.
Meet new people.
Talk to your friends!.
Make sure you don't look so approachable.
Get up nice and early, but still have a  good lie in!.
Finally, have a fantastic time!.
Have gorgeous, long, shiny hair.
Prepare for the chance that some people will have forgotten their sleepers and you'll need to distribute one to them for use.
Give him your support when he's down.
Don't be afraid to get to know boys or girls.
Be picky.
Build relationships through small talk.
Determine your school’s policy about containers.
Make friends with some of the spreader's friends.
Always be the fabulous "YOU": Don't let people's opinions about you make you lose your path.
Makeup.
Challenge yourself with AP courses or honors courses.
New And Old.
Focus on the kiss.
Arrange the furniture.
Look at the market.
Track scheduling conflicts.
Stop communicating with the people who insult.
Participate in a sport to make a good topic for conversation.
Set your home page to blank.
Have a diary that you share and keep it in one of your rooms.
Apologize when you mess up.
Don't treat shyness like a disease or affliction.
Show up on time for theatre, film or concert.
Put a lamp on the nightstand or near the bed for softer lighting.
Prepare what you want to say.
Add more Vitamin D for your skin's health.
Identify your limits.
Buy a little at a time throughout the year.
Talk to a mentor or parent.
Calm yourself if you are anxious.
Put all of your supplies in zippered compartments, if you have them.
Use colorful paper (unless your event is black and white, of course).
Decide where you want to live.
Now in each box across the chart draw a short underline on which the teen can sign their initials when the job is completed.
Do 10-15 minutes of light exercise if you're getting sleepy.
Follow him.
Recognize school-related stress.
Examine your own values and attitudes about sex.
Put a box of baking soda at the back to prevent future odors (optional).
Choose some activities that guarantee you'll come into contact with other people.
Talk to mutual friends about your crush.
Pay attention to body language.