Select clothing that fits well.
Get appropriate hair-care products.
Tighten the knot and adjust the ends.
Repeat this every day to notice substantial results.
Consider embellishing your shorts further.
Inspect your jewelry, making sure the finish is smooth.
Try your camel trench coat over your shirt and tie to go to work.
Trim your hair regularly until it all grows out to gray.
Contact fashion week producers to apply for a volunteer position.
Do equal parts strength and flexibility training.
Plan to wax often in the beginning.
Watch something sexy.
You got to love golden eyeshadow as well,the author found the perfect one if you look below.
Consult your shoe manufacturer’s recommendations.
Examine the edges to see if they are smooth to indicate cubic zirconia.
Blend out the product on your lid to create a single wash of color.
Find a counselor.
Protect yourself from the bleach.
Get some hand sanitizer.
Don't take MSM if you're pregnant or breastfeeding.
Pair the scarf with formal clothes for the office.
Always check the calendar before you make plans.
Smooth and secure the quiff.
Define your lips with a natural-looking liner.
Wear the right pants.
Don a blazer or cardigan to transition your romper to fall and winter.
Find your color.
Pull out the object.
Give them to another adult-sized wearer.
Keep your hands and nails clean.
Get a refund if you bought the bag on eBay.
Stick to your values.
Measure your zipper length.
Focus on personal hygiene.
Pour the gel into a glass jar.
Measure, cut, and sand off 2–3 centimeter (0.79–1.2 in) of wire.
Put it in your basket.
Finish with an non-sticky styling lotion like Bumble & Bumble curl crème or Bedhead Curls Rock.
Divide your eyes into three sections.
Wrap the left braid around the back of your head and pin it into place.
Now that you have guidelines from beachy celebrities, get started on your actual look!.
Pick a balm with argan or coconut oil if you have dry skin or beard hair.
Contact a doctor if signs of infection appear.
Eat a healthy, lower calorie diet.
Use some eyeshadow that complements your eye color and apply it to the crease in your eyes.
Select a pair of loafers or nice dress shoes to jazz up your look.
Pour the mixture into the funnel placed in the opening of the bottle.
Wait 2 to 10 minutes.
Learn dance etiquette.
Post photos of yourself on social media using tattoo modeling hashtags.
Go with suspenders that match your bow tie if you'll be wearing one.
Blot your hair dry so that your hair it isn’t dripping wet.
Start the waistband.
Pour in a clean bottle.
Throw on a leather jacket.
After applying your foundation, lightly brush on some loose powder (going in a circular motion around your skin).
Soak the chiffon fabric in a mordant for 1 hour.
Avoid getting beaded or threaded pearl jewellery wet, they may lose their sheen.
Drink water throughout the day to stay hydrated.
Pair navy and white for a classic look.
Swipe on a single coat of lengthening mascara to show off your lashes.
Puree the bananas, honey, and coconut oil in a blender.
Gently remove the chopstick.
Practice in the mirror.
For an alternative blend, use 6 tablespoons of plain (unscented) base oil and add 4 drops of Peru Balsam and 3 drops of lavender.
Wear contrasting colors or textures for a bold look.
Spray your boots with a second coat of waterproofing agent.
Wear wide-brimmed hats.
For comfort, resole the footwear with a medium density material.
Offer a wide variety of subjects.
Get a prescription for skin-clearing medication.
Keep your eyebrows trim by plucking them often.
Place the old bearings into the new luggage wheel.
Brush your hair before bed.
Avoid scented tampons.
Manage your stress.
Squeeze a few drops massage oil onto your hands if the person likes it.
Experiment with several looks.
Spread the sack out on a table and lay flat newspaper inside it.
Place a piece of swimwear, underwear, or socks on top of the stack to avoid creases.
Inspect the stone for clarity and for how secure the amethyst is set within the ring.
Let the concealer dry for 5 minutes.
Opt for khakis or wool trousers if you dislike skirts.
Set up a booth at a local fair or flea market.
Sprinkle cornstarch over the shoes for oil stains.
Opt for hydrogen peroxide if you want to remove yellow and add shine.
Cover hair with a shower cap.
When your hair is as pale as you can get it, buy Special Effects hair dye.
Cut out the image.
Drape the scarf around your neck.
Keep your hands from your face.
Enable irregular rhythm notifications to get alerts about them.
Tie a basic knot to secure the leather braid.
Use this method only on heat-resistant wigs.
Mix the ingredients together until smooth.
Wear a hair sleeve to protect your box braids.
Open your kit and start applying your makeup as if you're at home.
Set up heart rate notifications to be alerted about highs or lows.
Do naked yoga.
Opt for non-gel toothpaste for occasional cleaning.
Remove your hands from the water.
Carefully pat them dry with a clean, soft towel.
Apply powder with an angled brow brush.
Spray 10 times on top of the mixture.
Remove your puffer jacket and fluff.
Relieve the pressure occasionally.
Stir in ⁄2 cup (120 mL) of warmed distilled water into the bowl of petals.
Let it sit.
Check the evenness of the cut.
Read earring guides.
Report your luggage lost.
Avoid taking photos after drinking.
Accessorize your outfit!.
Put  nude tights on under your pants for dressier occasions.
Make enough cash to afford the hair dye.
Gather a section of hair in front of each ear.
Get polarized lenses if you play water sports or hate the glare from the sun.
Get some new shoes if you can afford them.
Finish up with one more long chain.
Looking at Teen Vogue actually can help.
Flip the blanket sleeper over and lay it flat.
Know about all of the latest things going on in school, your neighborhood, and in your group of friends.
Cut thin lines into your soap so that it looks like a grid.
Lips - buy really anything except for a bright or dark gloss or stick.
Focus the conversation on the other person.
Aim to diffuse rather than cover.
Experiment with facial accessories, like earrings or big sunglasses.
Avoid copper, sterling silver, and other alloyed metals.
Find sources.
Paint the strawberry leaves green.
Replace your scraper every 3-4 months.
Pair a baby-doll top with low-rise jeans to create a sexy ensemble.
Ask about any samples the salon or store may have available.
Blot stains immediately.
Wet the insides of your high heel shoes to stretch them.
Knot the ties in front.
Paint your nails with neon polish for a minor pop of color.
Cut your nails short to prevent breakage.
Stay hydrated and eat a balanced diet to improve the health of your hair.
Create a unique password.
Allow the baby oil to soak the stain overnight so the color breaks down fully.
Bleach the shirt to make it look weathered.
Smell good.
Practice being nude.
Moisturize with a face mask.
Strengthen your back.
Look professional with dark jeans and white shoes.
Manage stress.
Polish your jewelry with a soft cloth.
Keep your hair in the wrap for 30-60 minutes or until your hair is damp dry.
Twist the ponytail.
Take a body spray (perfumed deodorant) with you where ever you go, and spray over yourself occasionally.
Remove the headband and shake out your curls.
Leave them out to dry or add to your soaking tub.
Work out.
Blend your darkest color along your upper and lower lashline.
Cut two pieces of long cord, string or ribbon.
Practice being confident in the way you look, talk, and think.
Experiment with other commercially available green tea products.
Mix again with your spoon.
Use scarves, ties, and belts to add pops of color to your outfit.
Wear a sheer trench coat.
Stain or paint the wood block, if desired.
Choose a setting.
Mix or no mix.
Poke your head through to see if you did it right.
Go for a shirt dress if you are buying her something for work.
Experiment with color.
Reduce alcohol-based perfume and aftershave use.
See a doctor if your skin flakes severely when using a retinol cream.
Replace shoes that are significantly bigger than what you're used to.
By now, you should have three braided strands.
Separate your leggings from the rest of your dirty clothing to prevent color damage.
Purchase a treatment ointment.
Pair a mini skirt with biker boots to add sex appeal.
Avoid areas that are already the “right” complexion.
Rinse dyed fabric in cold water.
Close the zipper tab flap, to ensure your baby can't play with the zipper once you close it.
Think about how the clothing can be tailored.
Apply the mask to dry hair.
Stack multiple t-shirts on top of each other.
Always check labels!.
Don't let your environment affect your hair.
Research local outlets.
Talk to your doctor about prescription lenses if it isn't working out.
Fold two pieces of vamp fabric faced with right side; sew along the arc edges; insert the cotton lining inside and sew the whole vamp.
Add 1/2 cup of warm water to 1/2 cup of rosemary tea to make refreshing rosemary hair rinse.
Take your ring off when cooking.
Check out brands that make good, high quality snowsuits.
Leave your ring on when washing your hands in public places.
Take probiotics.
Purchase mesh material from the fabric store.
Wear nude underwear so they won't show under your pants.
Eat well to maintain your skin.
Wash hair 2-4 times a week.
Don't swim in chlorinated pools or saltwater.
Use a pair of round nose pliers to twist the wire into a loop.
Position the comb with the teeth facing up for more volume.
Do your eyebrows.
Apply tomatoes and strawberries to your teeth.
Check your progress in the mirror.
Make a pen or brush holder.
Wear a comfy outfit and dressier accessories, like a fashionable carry on bag or nice jewellery.
Use the bathroom or any other things you have to do.
Make a pipe cleaner mustache.
Paint your opposite nails first, so you can avoid wasting time.
Use a full-length coat to contrast with the shorter pant.
Add sea salt for a beach spray (optional).
Open Uber.
Find or buy a sock with a thick cuff.
Throw on some Crocs before working in the yard.
Protect your finger from turning green with nail polish.
Wrap the left braid into a bun.
Use a good skin toner.
With your skin tone and undertone in mind, choose your foundation carefully.
Peel the backing paper off gently.
Start a warm to hot bath.
Try a facial peel.
Fill the molds.
Look for a band that is firm and straight.
Pull the scrunchy around the ponytail.
Try a bright color to stand out from the crowd.
Incorporate your bangs.
Ensure that you thoroughly clean it off your lids and lashes.
Separate the strands, then coil them back into place.
Tie two small locks of your hair in back.
Test its strength and repeat if necessary.
Trace and cut out your leather feathers.
Put a light peach/peachy white all over where there's no other eyeshadow except the base one and blend it other colors.
Add a cape or capelet for an effortless addition of warmth.
Support local craft organizations.
Wear as a jumpsuit.
Use a PVC pipe to hold your hair tools.
With your index finger put a little gel on and rub in between your hands and apply to your hair from the roots to the tips.
See a doctor about psoriasis.
Try pressing a tissue to the area where there is too much foundation.
Mix your dye and add it to a large pot or plastic bin.
Be fun and edgy if you're a trendy dresser.
Exercise to create blood flow.
Check the rubber collar on the toe.
Avoid talking about others behind their backs.
Switch from pads to panty liners on light flow days.
Remove any remaining stains with a suede eraser.
Donate your unused perfume to a woman’s shelter.
Try toothpaste and mouthwash.
Double and single crochet at the end.
Make a mask.
Let your shoes dry for several hours before re-lacing and wearing them.
Wipe the comb clean once you’re finished using it.
File your nails to dull sharp edges.
Fasten the clasp.
Start this color shadow where the last color ended on the crease.
Pair your skirt with a long-sleeved top or sweater.
Condition your hair before you go swimming.
Apply a moisturizer in the morning and at night.
Add an extra insole into the shoe to elevate your foot.
Add some fun false lashes according to your character.
Dissolve 2 to 3 tbsp.
Leave most of your hair down while styling a small section into a braid crown.
Pat dry with a clean cloth.
Cooperate with them.
Rinse your flip flops with cold water.
Banish smelly feet.
Make sure that the tools are also clean.
Try on a pair of culottes if you have a more petite figure.
Use a special silver polishing cloth.
Apply conditioner to the tips of your hair.
Begin with tangle-free clean hair.
Apply potato to acne and oily skin areas.
Eat more protein.
Line a glass bowl with aluminum foil.
Withdraw your head, and make two arm holes on either side of the bottom seam.
Don't push the school rules.
Speak correctly.
After 10 or so minutes, remove the pan from the hob.
Decorate the wristband.
Pin at least two bobby pins on the section.
Watch yourself.
Moisten the inside of your nostril with a warm, damp cloth.
Hang adhesive hooks from your wall for temporary storage.
Tanned skin is a must, but sitting out in the hot sun is not and will cause skin cancer, ruining your chances of glowing all together.
Try mineral oil to remove sap safely from hard surfaces.
Get a patch that suits the style of your jeans and size of the hole.
Get a surgical bra back lift.
Act Fabulous.
Focus on Make-Up.
Pick a scarf in a neutral color to get the most mileage out of it.
Stay away from foods with strong odors.
Let your inserts air dry.
Lay out the tzitzit strings on a table or other flat surface.
Don't use drying products.
Push the retainer onto your teeth.
Throw away the scales.
Find and use a sleeper that doesn't use a zipper.
Place the sole inside of the outline.
Take already-flaking pearls to a jeweler for a professional evaluation.
Wear the right style of makeup.
Put the container of balm solution in the fridge.
Rinse your razor after each stroke.
Avoid putting Spanx on when your skin is hot or moist.
Eat poultry.
Leave for a 1-2 minutes so it does its job properly.
Try a bubble brush to make frothy, colored bubbles.
Help the person you're massaging get comfortable.
Use a moisturizing treatment before shampooing.
Rub the cleaner on the stained area.
See a dermatologist if your nails keep breaking.
Dress a faux fur vest up or down.
Try foot exercises.
Create a man bun if you have longer hair on the top of your head.
Add your mascara.
Pull the sock to the ends of your hair.
Moisturize your skin as usual after applying the green tea toner.
Practice respect to everyone in your life.
If you use a simple sunblock, add a few drop of scented oil.
Try cryotherapy to freeze off the keloid.
Select the hottest setting for your dry cycle.
Flip over the blanket sleeper to see your finished product.
Pinch the clasp of the safety pin shut.
Use a precious metal cleanser.
Turn off the heat when the water has evaporated or after 30 minutes.
Leave the purse to dry for a while.
Education and work:.
If the previous step isn't going to prove possible, you'll need to find other fast solutions.
Wash and dry your hair.
Soak an infected nail in warm salt water.
Remove the clips and undo the ropes or braids.
Spritz your leggings.
Divide your hair.
Pull the sternum strap across your chest.
Twist up some Bantu knots.
Add drama with a gladiator sandal.
Glue the bottom third of each folded flap down.
Open the door as far as you can stretch your arm.
Trim damaged hair.
If opting for an at-home session, schedule your massage for a time when the kids are out, if possible, or make sure they are occupied and have plenty to do for the hour.
Be positive and happy.
Scrub your ring with a soft-bristle toothbrush until it’s clean.
Layer your shirts.
Build and tone chest muscles.
Use an epilator to pull out the hairs.
Be critical of yourself and others.
Use pins to express yourself.
Leave the mixture on for at least three hours.
Take slow, deep breaths to calm down during the shower.
Limit the amount of conditioner that you use.
Fold Panel A2.
Keep a small snack, such as an apple, granola bar or some ground nuts, in your bag.
Trim the fabric, if necessary.
Fold and press the remaining excess.
Make a simple detangling hairspray.
Learn to shop correctly.
Clean the fallouts under the eyes.
Wind the strand around a narrow hair roller.
Hang your sunglasses from a jewelry tree to display them with other items.
Pay attention to your instincts.
Continue your weave.
Always keep a dust bean with a lid under your bed in a way you can reach.
Put the dress in storage if you don’t plan on wearing it for a while.
Place a dropcloth or tarp on your workstation.
Apply a fair shimmery eyeshadow over the entire lid, from the lash line all the way to the brow line.
Leave a note in your mother's purse or makeup bag before bed.
Pair analogous colors.
Place the hanger so the hem of the top leg is at the bottom of the crotch.
Push the hair stick down through the outermost coil to the scalp.
Try a light dusting of shimmer powder.
Repair the sweater quickly.
Give yourself time.
Don’t use silver ‘dip’ cleaners on gold jewellery.
Put the edge of the shower cap on the nape of your neck.
Place your hair in the diffuser.
Make sure the vest fits you.
Fill a shallow pan with enough water to cover your wool.
Think gold tone jewelry.
Use an exfoliator to clean pores and to remove dead skin cells weekly of you have oily or combination skin.
Mix the bleach according to the directions on the package.
Monitor ingrown hairs for signs of infection.
Find a dress shirt that fits you well.
Pick jeans that are made of mostly cotton.
Balance the wideness of the culottes with a form-fitting top.
Decide upon the size and shape.
Carry a large handbag.
Brush your ponytail and smooth it out.
Choose glasses with a wide, low bridge.
Track all of your spending for 30 days.
If you are willing to, let them practice on your hair.
Store tools in a metal kitchen utensil holder.
Try neutral or natural colors for blonde hair.
Add some designs using fabric paint or fabric markers.
Limit your use of heat-styling tools.
Rub dish washing liquid into your hair evenly and rinse.
Search your home.
Line along the top and bottom lashes with a dark brown kohl or a gel eyeliner.
Look for a pair of golden wings somewhere on the jeans.
Use a vibrant blue for dark brown eyes.
After you've flushed your hole, swish a few teaspoons of sea salt and warm water OR non-alcohol mouthwash around your mouth.
If your bra is white, and you feel compelled to bleach it, add about a teaspoon of bleach to the water.
Get an empty book, or staple colourful papers together to make a book.
Stretch the tape back up the front of your torso.
Release the top section of your hair.
Carefully apply the chemical cleaner to a clean washcloth or rag.
Add 1 cup (225 grams) of Ale Vera gel.
Read over the label on a sunscreen in your bathroom cabinet.
Scrub ceramic or acrylic surfaces with toothpaste to remove stains.
Keep your breath fresh with scented products.
Moisturize the hands and cuticles.
Let the necklace sit for 2 to 10 minutes.
Look for cosmetics that are green and cruelty free.
Scrape off any fat and skin if you’re selling a finished pelt.
Put on a mask while you finish your shower.
Ask your doctor about testosterone therapy.
Measure the waistline for the skirt with a measuring tape.
Choose nearly any color for brown eyes.
Push the stick back down so you can feel it against your scalp.
Remove each knot.
Pick a cardigan for a thin but balanced sweater.
Keep a plastic bag for the dirty gym clothes.
Find a time when you can take your spa break.
Find your shoulder width.
Buy the shoes you feel are the most comfortable.
Rinse off in warm water.
Scrunch your hair with your hands.
Cut the fabric into pieces as before but this time soak in a bucket of washing soda solution.
For more comfort, add an 1/8 or a 1/4 of an inch to the new sole.
Find yourself with music.
Look for a box that looks like the above box, that should be positioned in about the center of the RTM website screen.
Add a little bit of concealer to the palm of your hand.
Pair navy pants with a striped top.
Undergo surgery and follow-up care.
Let your hair completely dry.
Do not leave pins or staples in clothing.
Use your hairstyle.
Decide how many strands you want going around your pumps.
Take your hand out and dry it with a towel.
Tuck in any loose hairs, and you're good to go.
Know how to put clothes together.
Wash and brush your hair, then dry it with a towel.
Aim for the small hole.
Spray on some foot antiperspirant.
Hem the bottom of your skirt.
Place all of the ingredients into a mixing bowl.
Put all of your hair hair behind your head.
Place a few pieces of dried lavender (if you used purple food color) or dried pink roses (if you used pink food color) in the center of the lid.
See a dermatologist if pore problems persist.
Brush your hair and part it down the center.
Wait for the miraculous change in socks returning to the washing pile folded the right way out.
Let your shoes dry completely.
Begin to braid your hair.
Do not try to cover up your disability.
Consult your doctor if you suddenly start sweating more.
Scrub the flip flops.
After that, rub the lubricant onto the taper and slowly move it into the earlobe.
Sit up straight.
Add some accessories.
Measure 10 teaspoons of grapeseed oil into a glass bowl.
Draw on the liner in short, light strokes for a smooth, even line.
Obtain Embroidery supplies.
Wear a tracksuit and trainers if you don't want to use these tips.
Massage the gel into your hair.
Don't smoke.
If you normally use conditioner, go ahead and use it after the process.
Lose weight by following a workout routine.
Buy your child's first deodorant for them.
Twist the two original sections again, in the same direction.
Blow dry the bottom layers of your hair.
Line up the sides and corners to make sure the scarf maintains its shape.
Check the Retail Box Label.
Once your Longchamp Le Pliage is clean and dry, it's ready to use, or store, as you prefer.
Carry bobby pins, safety pins, hair accessories, and even a small sewing kit.
Cut the fabric circle out.
Maintain your hygiene.
Wet a toothbrush lightly and brush the rings, then wipe off the toothpaste.
Ask your friends what they think would look great on you, and ask the one's with the coolest hairstyles where they got it done.
Rinse your hair immediately after swimming.
Don't stay after school unless it is something approved by your guardian and run by the school.
Tie the shawl in the front.
Decide if your hair needs a protein treatment.
Cleanse your face before applying any makeup.
Identify your priorities.
Choose the larger size.
Refrigerate the gel until it sets.
Measure the back rise and add it to the front measurement to find the crotch length.
Avoid wearing your shoes in deep water or snow.
Treat your hair with egg and yoghurt.
Mix patterned tops with light-colored jeans for a chic look.
Try wearing thick socks or layered socks.
Let the shawl rest on one shoulder, rather than both.
Wrap or twist the braids into a bun or crown, if desired.
Recognize the signs of eating disorders.
Gather all your hair into a low down ponytail.
Try out different kinds of accessories.
Dress up your sweatpants with tailored jackets and shirts.
Continue applying wax strips until your entire bikini area is hair-free.
You should now be left with several minutes of warm water in which to relax before the water flow shuts off.
Aim for an overall fit that's snug but still comfortable.
Press and hold the separate pieces together for 20-60 seconds.
Use a lip brush and gently add the new color to your lips.
Massage your fingers.
Most airlines offer an Unaccompanied Minor program for ages 5-17, but the service is usually optional for ages 15-17.
Use a portable stain pen to spot-treat on-the-go.
Keep the dye in place for 20 minutes or so.
Use an angled eyeliner brush.
Add hygienic wipes or tissues.
Repeat steps 6 - 9 until your bracelet is the desired length.
Clean your shoes or have a professional do it before you store them.
Mix the ground almonds with yogurt, honey, and lemon juice.
Paint an accent wall in 2 bold shades.
Try big, bold poses to make the most of the space.
You should try to eat mashed food, soups etc.
Protect your skin with a 15 SPF moisturizer.
Your guard suit should be worn at all times.
Layer your hair.
Opt for an Alice bow.
Determine if you have an Essix retainer.
Pass strand 2 over the loop and then under strand 1.
Accessorize with fun jewelry.
Apply waterproof mascara.
Pour the scented 'water' into a pretty container.
Use dry shampoo between washes.
Choose clothing to donate.
Clip the two ends of your fishtail together.
Tilt your head 60 degrees to the left or right.
Pour the ingredients into the bowl.
As the bangle reaches the hand's widest part (i.e., the line between the base of the thumb and the base of the pinkie), fold your thumb under your hand until it touches the pinkie.
Put glitter on your eyebrows.
Head should not be tilted or rotated.
Tie your hair in a ponytail or a bun on the third day.
Consider using unrefined shea butter in cooking.
Eat a balanced diet.
Use a satin pillowcase to avoid waking up with frizzy hair.
Create an elegant black-tie look with a long ruffled gown and edgy makeup.
Measure the cover for cutting if your cover is too large for your eReader, and cut the cover.
Blow dry and brush the hair on the top of your head up and back.
Care for your hair.
Trim your nails regularly.
Move your body in ways that make you feel good.
Place the ties in individual boxes.
Sew the hem on the sewing machine.
When applying lip gloss, be sure you don't put on more than you need.
Display the clothes in your home.
Pour the boiled water over the ribbons.
Maintain a stable weight to prevent stretching or fading.
Use multiple colors on your hair.
Follow the coordinator’s dress code.
Use the narrow end of a rat-tail comb to part your hair in 2 sections.
Sleep alone for the first few nights after getting the tattoo.
Once finished polishing all of your nails on that hand, let them dry thoroughly.
Cut old t-shirts shorter to make them look sexy, shorten the sleeves, or cut the neckline for a more interesting look.
Have a bath in the morning before school, or work.
Soften the hair.
Measure from shoulder to shoulder across the back of the dress.
Gradually pour the beeswax mixture into the aloe mixture, mixing vigorously.
Walk around barefoot.
Lay the leg of the pants flat on your table.
Bind your breasts.
Sketch your idea.
Check the fit around your wrist.
Buy two or three pairs to start with.
Dye your hair, if you feel comfortable doing so.
Do side-lunge butt kickers.
Try rinsing with water.
Wear sneakers with skirts in the winter time.
Push the bottom flap upwards.
Rub the strip 3-4 times in the direction of your hair growth.
Pair white fitted pants with a loose, a white button-up blouse, and gold accessories.
Match your shirt with a tie.
Find your child's size in those shoes.
Consider a pomade.
Add a buttonhole and two buttons.
Subtract ⁄16 in (0.16 cm) from each end if it’s a plug.
Apply the mask to wet hair.
Bring both sides of the scarf together to the back of your head and tie another knot.
Add 1 layer of a clear no-light gel top coat and air-dry it completely.
Use moisturizer to keep your nails hydrated.
Make sure your bag has ID tags inside and out.
Roll your ponytail into a bun.
Place a wide strip of fabric up the inside spine of the book, be sure to fold under the top and bottom of the fabric to hide the edges.
Apply it as a mask over the face.
Saturate your hair with the mixture.
Sand the top of each nail to remove the shine.
Wash your face with hot water each morning.
Define your brows.
Recycle fabric.
Fray the bottom of the shorts.
Choose a pair of pants that fit you well to take accurate measurements.
Use freeze-dried berries to tint and flavor your lip balm.
Slick down your baby hairs in a wavy pattern to emphasize your curls.
Remove the band.
Knot the bottom of your shirt on 1 side for a fun, casual look.
Draft the pattern to the size suggested by the pattern book.
Swap a tie for a cravat with a business suit.
You are now ready to clamp your ring into the ring jaws, but first you must measure the width of the ring.
Select a wardrobe for women.
Make money.
Pour a couple drops of shampoo.
Take a foot soak.
Wash your hands with warm water and dish soap.
Allow the glitter to dry.
Redefine your brows by filling them in and combing them to perfection.
Try on your gloves.
See a doctor in the event of foot fungus.
Wait until day 4 to style your hair so the treatment sets.
Wear slip-resistant shoes in bad weather or slick conditions.
Check the credibility of the schools: Inquire as to how long the school has been in business, how many graduated students they have, the founder’s massage education and the qualifications of the instructors (how long did they study, how long have they been teaching, what is their educational background, etc.).
Look for structured tops to make your linen pants feel fancier.
Gather the items you will need.
Check for foreign objects.
When dry it should look scrunched and the gel will hold it and the baby oil will give it that glamorous look!.
Revlon's powder foundations are:.
Wash your jeans in the washing machine.
Now pour shampoo into your hand (the amount should be slightly larger than the size of a quarter) and spread it over both hands entirely.
Prepare your work area and then wash your hands thoroughly.
Braid a bit of your bangs or the hair near your face.
Pack a snack or a lunch.
Treat inflammation with a honey, green tea, and almond oil mask.
Blend these colours together with the white.
Moisten the back of the image with a wet towel.
Fill in your eyebrows so they're arched and defined.
Expect damage to take a long time to manifest.
Take water, you need a small bottle of water to keep hydrated.
Scrub the shoes with a toothbrush.
Clean your bathroom.
Get a dressy item.
Carry a bright, solid-colored handbag.
Opt for gels over acrylics to be kinder to your nails.
Position the person's left arm at a 90-degree angle.
Pat your face with a dry fluffy towel.
Know what you stand for.
Keep ESD-sensitive items in antistatic bags when you're not using them.
Do not worry about refraining from typical hair care regimens.
Let paint or makeup set between applications.
Add a larger amount of moisturizer or body lotion to the foundation.
Choose a short dress with over-the-knee boots.
Create a homework plan.
Remember that shape is important - heart, pear, princess, etc.
After that you can blow dry your hair, but it's recommended you put it on low power/temperature, it will take longer, but your hair will thank you.
Have good personal hygiene.
Be careful of sunscreen.
Store clothing.
Run the curtains through a warm wash cycle.
Put on eyeshadow!.
Use with caution.
Buy leather shoes for a more comfortable heel.
Place the false lashes in the dish.
Measure your cup size.
Add lace to the inside of a clear fabric case.
Cut a small piece of clear sticky tape (sometimes known as Sellotape) around 3 centimeter (1.2 in) long.
Thighs:  Top of legs, to and from the heart, you can face your body to their face and turn toward their feet when you change direction to make it easier for you.
Use bronzer to grow your décolletage.
Apply eyeliner to your bottom lash line.
Apply lip gloss over lipstick for a smooth appearance.
If she's showing you things she likes, or researching on things - listen!.
Position the extension.
Apply lotion to ensure the tanner goes on smoothly.
Store in a spray bottle.
Insert the retainer in the same way you would put in a regular septum ring.
Inspect the jeans to make sure they are premium quality.
Rinse your piercing with saline solution twice a day.
Tie the sections into a loose ponytail behind your head.
Exercise moderately.
Take care of your tattoo afterward.
Wrap the shamash around the other tzitzits 8 times and tie a double knot, then 11 times and tie a double knot.
Braid your hair for a formal updo.
Never be afraid to explore her jewelry tastes.
Always be meticulous with your grooming and hygiene.
Place your Apple Watch face-down on a soft surface.
Apply a prescription cream to their scalp.
Start with small touches.
Select a TOMS shoe style.
Get a massage to enhance the appearance of your butt.
Try a cream liner.
Apply to your hair before exposing it to sunlight.
Create a ponytail.
As a toner for your skin, such as Witch Hazel.
Take deep breaths.
Identify your problem areas.
Done.
Add a second row of stitching, if desired.
Buy A-line skirts and flared jeans to add more shape to your body.
Try listening to some indie bands.
Mix in ⁄4–⁄2  c (59–118 ml) of chlorine bleach.
Touch up your lip line with your lipstick, lip brush, or foundation.
Try to blow dry your hair an a cooler setting.
Spend ten minutes a day doing a quick pick-up.
Consider a family breakfast instead.
Set a realistic weight loss goal for yourself if you are overweight.
Identify a square face by looking for a wide jawline and forehead.
Tip generously if you live where tipping is required.
Don't touch or mess with your hair when it is wet.
Wear clothes that are clean and wrinkle-free.
Your employers may issue a t-shirt, tank-top, or long sleeve shirt; this should be worn as often as possible.
Use vaseline to highlight your features.
Apply vinegar on your back for 10-30 minutes with cotton pads, results amazing in 3-4 weeks (for acne problems).
Make an informed choice.
Consider using a tinted moisturizer.
Wrap another purple band along the tips of your fingers.
Apply the powder lightly at first.
Tie your hair up in a loose ponytail.
Don’t buy the big size.
Stop using hair care products.
Find out what items are not allowed in school.
Know what kind of show it is: General Admission?.
Moisturize your skin to get rid of flaky, dry patches.
Wear clean clothing.
Twist the ponytail into a bun, if desired.
Don't wear things that are too tight.
Check your watches to see if they need repair.
Fit the non-folded end into the loop created by the folded end, leaving space at the end of the fold.
Avoid denim accessories or western-style pieces.
Use a topical scalp stimulant.
Elevate your outfit with a structured blazer.
Pair a black dress with a thick belt and heels for a classy outfit.
Make your cubes more luxurious by adding a pinch of dried, fragrant herbs to the sugar.
Use leftover soap fragments to mark fabric.
Keep yourself clean.
Bathe/shower regularly.
Cut your hair.
Continue French braiding until you've used all the loose hair in the braid.
Apply the shampoo to your hair.
Select a statement scarf in a bright color or pattern.
Click All Devices.
Add a simple poof.
Provide the billing and ship-to addresses and numbers for payment.
Pin and sew the front and back pieces together at the crotch.
Try high-waisted pants to make your legs look longer.
Use coconut oil.
Try to finish your homework at school.
Find the menstrual product that is right for you.
Admire your newly painted nails.
Speak to a doctor or dermatologist.
Press on your pencil to create whisker dots between your nose and mouth.
Turn your scarf into a headband.
Fasten a belt around your waist for a fun accent piece.
To make your jeans look like you bought them yesterday, soak them in 4 table spoons of vinegar and 5 quarts of water for about a half hour, and wash them inside-out.
Decide on the brand of menstrual cup you would like to buy.
Allow to stand for 2 days.
You should now have a shiny boot after two to three hours of polishing.
Store your eye cosmetics with a view to preventing spoilage.
Throw on a cardigan.
Try heels to elongate your silhouette and dress up your maxi.
Eat sweet potatoes.
Dampen and towel dry your hair.
Practice relaxation or meditation techniques to cope with stress.
Fill a bowl of sudsy water.
Sew according to instructions given in the pattern.
Squeeze the sweatpants over the sink to get rid of excess water.
Choose your colors.
Know your style personality.
Rinse off your razor.
Add detergent and bleach if your machine has a bleach dispenser.
Trade out beeswax for a crayon to get colored lip balm.
Project confidence through body language.
Wring all water out of your hair and pat your body dry.
Tip generously and ask the stylist for his/her work hours.
Moisten a face cloth with warm water.
Add the cocoa powder to the melted soap and mix in well.
Wear sunglasses.
Just say no.
Use correct shaving techniques.
Wrap both braids over the hair elastic.
Darken your upper lash line with black eyeliner, and extend the line just past your upper lash line.
Add designs with beads and fake pearls.
Tease the bang section.
Mix it all together very well so there won't be any lumps in the mixture.
Once the sarong is folded tightly, tuck the corner behind the waist band above your left hip.
Take care of everyday upkeep.
Take the shoe and pant leg off and glue a strip of denim around the heel.
What stores should you shop at?.
Challenge negative thoughts and replace them with constructive ones.
Cover exposed skin.
Dispose of items that are not reusable.
Cut the sleeves along the bottom, then cut them into rectangles.
Buy coconut oil.
On the same note, make sure your shirts aren't too short.
Rub the cloth against itself to produce a lather.
Improve your diet.
Remove the pan.
Wear your hair in a low bun to make your earrings stand out.
Wash your face with warm water.
Try using your finger nail.
Choose brand names.
Choose the right inseam.
Get a washcloth.
Stick to simple garments.
Take care of your lips.
Mix hot water and tea tree oil in a bowl.
Wash your jeans once a week or less.
Wrap the hem back towards the top, then tie the ends together.
Brush dry oil through your hair.
Try some makeup.
Pack your luggage full without overstuffing.
Blow dry your hair to give it body.
And last of all wipe it over with wet tissue etc.
Allow to set for 5-10 minutes.
Balance your look out with bottoms.
Splurge on a staple item to individualize your style.
Start the bracelet.
Remove light stains with a sponge and soap.
Get a blepharoplasty if you're willing to have plastic surgery.
Don't wear pantyliners.
Sprinkle the powder into your Toms and let sit for 8 hours.
Use powder.
Let your brush dry upside-down on a towel.
Develop a routine.
Maintain an adequate sleep schedule.
Insert the clip around the braid.
Use your free hand to close the zipper back up, as far as your arm can hold.
Wrap the bandana around your wrist.
Opt for a leather messenger bag for professional spheres and school.
Rinse the brush and remove hairs with the tail of a comb.
Stretch your hips and chin at your desk.
Tighten the knot that you secured the braid with by pulling the ends.
Fight the freeze with the Reverse Drape Tuck.
Pick a ring with reasonable maintenance needs.
Be sure he knows that you will never be interested in a relationship.
Take your hair down.
Measure the height and width of box.
Remove from refrigerator and whip using hand mixer, spoon, whisk or electric mixer.
For that outside glow, take care of your skin.
Find just the one that fits all those descriptions.
Add more body.
Decide on a color.
Clean the area around the hole with water and alcohol.
Fasten off the yarn.
Dry out warts, corns and other skin problems areas with lemon juice.
Quickly buff the nail with the next coarsest side of the buffer.
Pair pastel pants with a see-through or lacy blouse for a flirty option.
Add a buttonhole and button.
Use a rounded brush to apply the lighter color of eyeshadow.
Choose the right self-tanner.
Put all of the ingredients together in a bowl and combine well.
Wear cotton underwear to prevent irritation and reduce moisture.
Skip the unnecessary makeup.
Use a leave-in conditioner.
Try laser treatment if you’d prefer something more aggressive.
Cut 2 handles at least 2 1/2 inches (5.1 cm) wide by however long you want your strap.
Wipe your face with the cotton ball.
Take time to grow it out.
Use a digital watch.
Wear a tie to most formal and semi-formal occasions.
Resort to another use for your old sweater.
Go for a form-fitting shirtdress to show off your body.
Make a loop with a section of your hair.
Conceal your undergarments.
Don't be desperate for attention.
Print out the required template from here.
Remember that nobody's perfect.
Give a light spray of water to the skin(to hydrate skin).
Wear your pants or shorts out and about.
Pour the melted mixture into a small resealable jar.
Discuss any possible allergies with your doctor.
Add a few drops of pink or purple food coloring to the salt and mix well until you reach a pastel color.
Straighten or curl your hair, if necessary.
Brush your hair using a wide tooth comb.
Dab the primer over your face and neck.
Throw on a wool scarf to keep your neck warm while you’re outdoors.
Rub the pumice stone in a small, circular motion.
Choose stylish shoes like Derbies or Oxfords to complete your outfit.
Remind yourself that straightening products and heat can cause damage.
Apply a drop of essential oil to your piecing.
Dip the puff into the powder.
Feel out an authentic smile.
Stack your statement pieces.
Pour a small amount of the nail polish remover or cleanser into a bowl or glass.
Dress well at all times.
Clean it up.
Fold and sew the cuffs and waistband.
Save up money, keeping in mind what you plan on buying, and what you estimate it will cost.
Use dye-free bleach.
Place a bobby pin through the section of hair wrapped around your finger.
Spread mask onto damp hair.
Empty the closets out.
Save up to buy a ring.
Do glittery nails.
Weigh the jewelry to see if it is heavier than a diamond of the same size.
Avoid excessive eye rubbing.
Start with a clean fresh face.
Take care of body hair by shaving, trimming, and waxing.
Brush your hair out to give it volume.
Do wall squats.
Match red with neutrals.
Wear underwear that makes you feel good, or, look good.
Make objects stand out so you won’t lose them as easily.
Buy gel liner.
Get rid of persistent pollen stains on wicker with soap and water.
Check if the hat fits.
Refresh stinky insoles.
Pinch the hair between your fingers, using the comb as a guide.
Try online.
Keep your neck warm.
Soak your wool in warm water, then squeeze the excess water out.
Still holding the bun with one hand, take the pen and make a 360 degree turn until it completes one circle around the bun.
Wear a good suit made of quality materials.
Begin braiding the other side.
Show a carefree, relaxed mood by wearing pastels.
Wash your face gently before using the salicylic acid cleanser.
Blend the eyeliner in using your lipstick brush.
Talk about physical differences in a positive, educational way.
Hang the jeans up to dry.
Clean out the insides of your heels with a baby wipe.
Read them a bedtime story about glasses.
Divide your waist measurement in half.
If you can, walk by a police station, as this will deter the stalker from following you.
Pull your bangs up and look at them from the side.
Don't curl your lashes after you put on mascara.
Cover your shoulders with an old towel and pull on plastic gloves.
Plan your outfit!.
Combine salt and ginger in a food processor.
Purchase a suede repair kit with patches and glue.
Use the right size safety pin.
Massage your forearm.
Buy versatile pieces.
Rub the oil into your nails daily.
Only use a little mascara - too much will look awful.
Change your tampon a bit more frequently if you want to.
Attach the two ways T-joint to the water supply inlet.
Reduce daily stress to stop ongoing hair loss.
Try a detox.
Apply a cold compress for 15-20 minutes immediately after the injury.
Attach a PVC pipe to your bathroom cabinet door.
Scrub with the paste.
Choose shoes carefully.
Evaluate the success of your plan after a week.
Apply your favourite lipgloss.
Apply eyeshadow one shade darker or lighter than your skin.
Use brightly colored rugs to accent your colorblocked look.
Run the tea bag under water to soak the contents and bag in water.
Wear your scarf as a sarong.
When you are alone, practice self-affirmations out loud facing a mirror.
Use color-safe or color-depositing conditioner if you dye your hair.
Apply in thin layers to build up coverage.
Now, place your feet in the water and soak for at least ten whole minutes.
Move your arms.
If you need to get rid of static temporarily, spritz some water on your hair.
Look for tattered shoes with flat soles and good grip.
Be mature.
Turn 1 leg right-side-out and tuck it inside the other leg.
Do not deviate from your destination.
Wear a headband to keep your pixie cut in place.
Soak a cotton ball with nail polish remover.
Remove any debris or detritus from the lace with a toothbrush or similar small brush.
Stir the mixture well until all the ingredients are combined.
Shape and fill in your brows.
Wrap the tape around the back to rest in the middle of the occipital bone.
Avoid walking in areas where rainwater has collected.
Use makeup remover to remove false lashes.
Call or video chat with friends and family to stay connected.
Stuff your shoes into a pillowcase and twist the end.
Get 8-10 hours of sleep every night if you're a teenager.
Start catering to your 'new' hair.
Clean toys with baby-safe cleaners that aren’t past their expiration date.
Pick safety glasses that can be adjusted to fit you properly.
Wear loose clothing that won't stick to your tattoo during the healing process.
Select high-quality makeup.
Use a measuring tape to measure the inside of your drawer.
Wear them with skinny jeans.
Aim for at least 60 minutes of exercise per day to stay in shape.
Shorts or lightweight pants.
Don't fear the bikini.
Choose 2 eyeshadow colors.
Assemble the ingredients.
Examine your label.
Project your happiness.
Spend time with your friends.
Apply the top coat after the eyes and nose are completely dry.
Pair your Chacos with a crop top and rolled baggy jeans for a festival.
Mix a creamy tone and taupe to create a more subtle look.
Clean up any uneven bits.
Choose interesting jewelry.
Aim for at least 7 hours of sleep every night.
Wear a bit of eyeshadow.
Dress up a little, even if the event is casual.
Choose some accessories.
Increase the frequency of shampooing.
Opt for softer bristles.
Don’t Sweat It.
Shampoo your dry hair.
Bring forward the eyes.
Choose casual shoes.
Stretch one size at a time.
Add all ingredients together.
Apply a broad spectrum SPF 30 sunscreen when you aren’t tanning.
Get dermal injections to plump up your cheeks in a less-invasive way.
Use a full-length mirror.
Don untucked shirts in casual styles.
Press a translucent powder over your lips.
Apply some foundation to your chest.
Reduce wrinkles.
Exercise at least 30 minutes a day to improve your fitness.
Lie on your right side and position the roller under your hip.
Find out the opening times of your chosen establishment, and book an appointment.
Be careful with positioning yourself during the day.
Stand with your arms hanging by your sides.
Less is more.
Switch foundations if it continues to turn orange.
Avoid skin-clinging clothing.
Get a haircut that enhances your curls.
Donate or sell the clothes you don’t wear anymore.
Clip your ends about every 8 weeks or every time you have your hair relaxed.
Bring your shoes to your washing machine.
Mix the butters.
Find a professional stylist to bleach your hair.
Wrap a tape measure around the fullest part of your chest.
Wear wet dressings.
Apply a deep conditioner once a week to keep your hair healthy.
Mix vitamin E oil with other natural ingredients to create face mask.
Harness your inner confidence.
Choose a nail polish you don't like very much.
Watch your piercing progress.
Squeeze the water out of your hair before applying conditioner.
Pick a new part if you want an easy way to create a new hairstyle.
Apply prescription lightening cream 1-2 times a day as recommended by your doctor.
Pull gently along the brow bone with your index finger and thumb.
Examine the sticky side of it.
Purchase a thin styling iron.
Hockey gloves are important if you like having the use of your fingers.
Be aware that certain sexual practices cause vaginal odor.
Take time out of your day for self-care.
Make sure that your eyebrows are clean and dry.
Grab the strand second to the far left, and move it all the way to the right.
Keep your spray in a cool, dry place.
Whenever you want your body to shimmer, or if you're going out somewhere, grab some of the cream with your finger and then blend it into your arms, your legs, your shoulders, or anywhere where you want to have a bright glow.
Take off the existing seat and cover.
Put insoles or moleskin at the bottoms of your shoes.
Wrap the strip tightly around a toothpick.
Dry yourself off after you are completely done with the soaking process.
Use aloe vera on extra-dry skin.
Wash your face with facial soap 1-2 times a day.
Go to your nearest hospital if the ring is still stuck.
Take a small dish and fill it with alcohol (not too much, though!).
Stir with a spoon until the mixture has completely dissolved.
Take one of the origami models, and thread it onto a pin.
Knot the end.
Upon completion of a pedicure, the client should be very happy with your service for her or him.
Round the measurement to the nearest 1/4 inch (0.6 cm).
Keeping a firm grasp of the end of your hair, wrap the plait back around the base of the pigtail and tuck the end in under itself.
What height do you want the heels to be?.
Flip the ring over and tap it on the other side.
Get enough sleep every night!.
Place a cushion at the back heel of the shoe if the shoes are too long.
Bundle the roll into the top of the socks.
Fit 2 fingers underneath the bracelet for the ideal fit.
Go for glass over plastic.
Apply cuticle oil to your cuticles.
If you're the type of person who doesn't handle seeing blood, even if it's the tiniest bit, it's best advised if you not look while the piercer is performing the procedure.
Spritz the face.
Starting alongside your face, take the comb and comb your hair back.
Pair the jacket with a checkered shirt for a lumberjack look.
Enjoy some time with your family.
Understand the benefits of using fragrance oils.
Have surgery to restore or transplant hair.
Use the hand pinching the shoulder to also pinch the fabric at the bottom of the T-shirt.
Build confidence.
Line your lower lid with colored eye shadow.
Make sure you are comfortable.
Before you can start acting fabulous you need to look fabulous.
Top your look with a belted trench if your style is classic.
Complete your black tie attire with evening shoes.
Have unusual marks evaluated by a dermatologist.
Apply when needed.
Fix odd colored brows.
Plait your hair on day 4.
Try out a shirtdress with your coat.
Purchase a sleeper with a zipper in the back.
Bring a friend with you.
Pair simple jewellery with a patterned dress.
Get involved in a sport or extracurricular activity, such as soccer, basketball or baseball.
Get the basics:.
Set the jar in sunlight.
Fold to the center, creating an angled crease along the length of your other leg.
Trace and cut four pieces of fleece for each hand, two pieces of fake fur for each hand.
Wear skinny jeans with tall boots to avoid bunching.
Do not cut more hair, trying to “fix them.” If you make a mistake and cut your bangs too short, do not try to keep cutting in an effort to fix them.
Wear a fashion hat.
If you're a DIY (Do It Yourself) sort of person, have in your purse a needle and thread.
Find a good time, preferably 12:00-1:15, to excuse yourself from class if you're finished with work and not in the middle of a test or lesson to go to the bathroom.
Purchase a high-waisted swimsuit if you have a pear body type.
Place the rubber gloves on.
Add in an egg and 1 teaspoon of extra virgin olive oil.
Bring the bottom leg through the hanger so it’s on top of the pants.
Get cozy in fall or winter with white pants, an oversized sweater, and loafers.
Pick out a flowy top to wear with shorts on warmer days.
Wear red if you want to feel strong and empowered.
Scrub your menstrual cup with a soft toothbrush to remove any debris.
Use a sheer capelet to showcase a dress while covering your shoulders.
Spray your hand with hairspray and lightly brush your hair's surface.
Try a splash of color in a bracelet.
Ask who will be supervising the procedure.
Spray some light-scented perfume on your arms.
Select a henna powder product that is labeled blonde or cassia obovata.
Remove the powder In the morning.
For knotty hair try sleek up-do's.
Finish off by massaging the entire body with a blend  of 1 and a half teaspoons of macadamia nut oil blended with 1 drop of vetiver oil and 3 drops eucalyptus oil.
Avoid alcohol and caffeine for 3-4 hours before bed.
Slide on heels or dress shoes for a polished look.
Take some lukewarm water, wash the brushes and let it dry.
Perfect your wings with makeup remover.
Strain the lavender solution through muslin.
Wash your hands quickly after you apply makeup or facial creams.
Have a classic wardrobe.
Check the fit.
Sponge the canvas with clean water to remove the soap.
Wash your hair 2-3 times a week.
Trust your instincts.
Pinch your fingertips.
Pre-stretch your headband by soaking it in oil so it is gentler to your hair.
Tie the string around the bottle and through the label which you cut out from the bottom of the page that you downloaded.
Sport a shawl for a classy look.
Go to outlet malls.
Pull back your cuticles, wash your hands, and moisturize your fingers.
Do a 1-minute plank.
Complete basic tasks around the shop as you’re directed.
Look for the classic "footprint in the sand" footprint.
Peel off the outer layer of the fruit to reveal the sponge inside.
Take off both your shoes.
Pour 0.25 cups (59 ml) of henna powder into a bowl.
Drape one leg across the horizontal bar.
Pin your hair at the nape of the neck.
Add some decoration to your outfit with a strappy bra.
Flush.
Clean the skin gently.
Begin braiding the strips together.
Follow blogs and magazines written by women.
Section your hair into several parts.
Let your hair air dry, and DO NOT TOUCH IT while it is drying, or after it dries.
Pour it into your new container.
Opt for a zippered jacket for the most versatility.
Remove unwanted hair.
Choose an ultrasonic cleaner.
Turn the center knob clockwise to tighten the hat stretcher.
Opt for a scarf that’s the same colour as your jacket for a tidy look.
Determine if you can reuse your lashes.
Rinse your hair with tea to make dry hair turn into soft and flowing locks.
Take everything out of the bag before cleaning it.
The bow tie is an interesting alternative to the regular tie, adding horizontal lines to the frame.
Be concerned about ankle stability.
Sharpen your pencil to an extra fine point.
While setting up, it'd probably most polite to offer the therapists a glass or bottle of water.
Wake up early to get things done.
Don a jacket.
Make a light-hold hairspray using lemon and essential oil.
Consider tops with vertical stripes.
Ask about satisfaction guarantees.
Dunk the dress in water and re-shape it if you’ve over-shrunk it.
Make sure to provide a serene setting in which you can encase yourself into a blanket sleeper again.
Dip the brush into the relaxer and brush into the roots of your hair if you are doing a touch up, or from the top to the bottom if you are doing your hair for the first time and it is a virgin to this product.
Lastly for your face, apply the mineral powder or highlighter with a more slanted edge.
Give your hair Flair!.
Prepare the shirt in advance.
Get trims every 4-6 weeks.
Avoid irritating your injury.
Consider your age.
Try shaving cream.
Have a Botox procedure done to enhance your lips.
Gather up all of the things you need.
Reinforce the corners of the cigar box with brass corners.
Keep your hands off the piercing.
Use deep treatments for your hair weekly.
Learn several dance steps.
Use the Healthy Living App.
Play up your sex appeal.
Opt for a matt look.
Use granulated pumice soaked in bleach as an alternative to bleach alone.
Consider boy specific items.
Pour the jojoba into the mixture and stir.
Try to get your hair trimmed every 6 to 8 weeks.
Focus on each side of the neck.
Next take the lip liner and draw a line around the rim of your upper lips.
Take a thick chunk of hair from next to your face.
Print your chosen images on printable tattoo paper.
Take a neutral brown shade and apply it along the lower lash line and up to your crease.
Reduce heat.
Wash, dry and fold the adult blanket sleeper.
Cover yourself with a layer of non-comedogenic moisturizer.
Keep your hair neat and stylish with a lovely side braid.
Carry some very basic personal items.
Pick a pair of Adidas Yeezy Boost 350 V2 if you want a pop of color.
Prepare a solution to use.
Try a neon lip color for an extra-saturated style.
Sport a wide-brimmed hat.
Your lips can be bold as well, or you could make them understated with just a dab of gloss.
Blend all the colors together.
Pat some more uncolored chapstick on top of the lipstick, so it will set it, and make it last.
Use hairspray to keep the curls in place.
Radiate confidence in your true self with the energy of an opal.
Clean your ring regularly.
Tie off each thread carefully to prevent unraveling.
Only blow dry the roots of your hair.
Store your organizer under the bed.
Keep your hair healthy.
Roll up your scarves and store them in a wine rack.
Secure your bun, if necessary, with bobby pins.
Apply a top coat or nail strengthener.
Purchase some fabric.
Take out the fruit of twelve avocados.
Use a funnel to pour the fizzy salts mixture in a jar or container.
Protect your work surface and clothing before you use the dye.
Elevate jeans and sneakers by adding a crisp shirt and a tailored blazer.
Wash the cleaning solution off with regular soap.
Save this template image to somewhere on your computer.
Decide how short you're going to trim.
Use a curling wand for light waves.
Keep the abdomen off limits.
Curl your lashes, or prime them with clear mascara.
Sit out in the direct sun for 1- 1 and a half hours or until highlights are how light you like them, combing your hair occasionally.
After getting it pierced your tongue will swell up to about twice its normal size.
Wrap the scarf loosely and put it over your shoulder for a simple, breezy look.
Iron your clothes.
Turn your clothes inside-out before washing them.
Keep your foot elevated for 24-48 hours to reduce swelling.
Adjust your diet.
Run them through a warm/cold cycle.
Wash item in warm water with mild detergent.
Add a matching plaid blazer for a fashion-forward outfit.
Drink plenty of water every day.
Add in essential oil.
Go to a cobbler for a professional shoe stretching.
Measure your toddler’s feet correctly.
Enhance the look with color or highlights.
Take the two piggy-tails and proceed to wrap them tightly around each other until you have a central pony-tail.
If you don't want to cut your hair, change up your old one instead.
Remove sharp thread ends on the inside of the shoes to keep them from poking.
Take the gold eyeshadow and color around the inside edges of your flame lines, including the flames that are inside the borders.
Using one 8oz plastic jar fill 1/2 of the bottle with olive oil.
Rub this in gently.
Mash the bananas.
Try olive oil.
Use rich moisturizers.
Choose to be kind to everyone, including people who are different.
Massage under your ears and along your jaw.
Use a moisturizer and massage lightly then remember not to put too much product on.
Color your hair.
Trim off split ends.
Cut the fabric using the skirt as a guide.
Wear a belt.
Measure your natural waist.
Create a new diagonal section behind the last angled part.
Breathe deeply.
Avoid taking pictures in direct sunlight.
Wake up with a vanilla-coffee scrub.
Brush out your hair.
Place your calendar where you can easily see it, like next to the door you leave your house from, or next to your bedroom door.
Keep your school timetable in any of the pages.
Sprinkle glitter inside the case if you don’t open your case often.
Push back your cuticles with an orange stick about once a week.
Clean pearls with baby soap.
Bring a kettle of water to boil.
Switch up your daily look by changing your hair texture or part.
Set your dryer to a low heat and tumble setting.
Choose some citrus oils for an energizing perfume.
Choose the trousers.
Apply a thin coat of eyeshadow primer.
Rinse the dye off with cold water.
Chop or grate 1 oz (28 g) of African black soap into small pieces.
Jazz up the teeth.
Cure your fingernails for 1 minute under a UV light.
Tell the therapist what sort of pressure is best.
Apply foundation to your skin.
Pour the apple cider vinegar into a spray bottle.
Get a large T-shirt with a neck hole big enough to fit around your chest.
Turn the "right" sides out.
Visit local stores and offer to sell your products to them wholesale.
Use an online bra size calculator to help you determine the nursing bra size.
Put your jewelry in the container and seal it.
Consider sorting your clothes by occasion.
Show off your boots while staying warm by wearing an overcoat.
Apply a small amount of foundation to your face.
Slick your hair back with gel.
Remove the earrings before bed once the piercing has become permanent.
Talk to your friends or beauty bloggers to learn from their experiences.
Add the water.
Repeat steps 4-6.
Get a trim about every six weeks.
Cut another strip of tape and smooth it onto the centre of your cheek.
Add in three vitamin E capsules.
Apply your dark shadow a little above your crease if you have hooded eyes.
Applying these masks twice a day brings excellent results within 2 weeks.
Remove your rings when using household cleaners or bleach.
Drape a heavy shawl over your shoulders for an elegant addition.
Place the outside (right) sides facing each other.
Wash hair when needed.
Apply the paint sealant.
Cover your braids while you sleep.
Use a green tea cream under your daily sunscreen.
Limit shampoo use to 2-3 times a week.
Using a bright lip liner, line the outside of your lips without going over the natural lip line.
Pamper yourself.
Cut off any fraying edges from your ripped jeans.
Rinse your hair with water after it has dried to remove the coffee.
Look for reviews.
Submerge the pearls in soapy water to remove dirt.
Coordinate your jewelry with the color of your frames.
Come as you are!.
Put away as usual.
Shave certain areas.
Repeat steps 1 - 6 on alternate hand.
Wear dainty jewelry.
Fold each felt butterfly in half to create a middle fold dent.
Go lighter during the summer.
Secure the chain to your wallet by punching a hole in the wallet, or by buying a new wallet with a hole punched in it already.
Form a two-point fold.
Remove the jewelry and wash it with a gentle soap.
Use papaya to treat for split ends.
Refrain from pools, hot tubs, or the gym for 2-3 days after the piercing.
Make sure you take care of yourself.
Add color with knee-high socks.
Mix the milk and honey together.
Add sizing beads to your ring to change it about a half size.
Eat fresh fruits and vegetables.
Repeat the process 2 to 3 more times to get the desired result.
Remove the other side of the band.
Work in more pomade.
Identify other things that make you special.
Fill freezer bags with water.
Record plant growth observations.
Show off your new glamour style!.
Fasten off the thread.
Fold the hem inward, with the stitching right at the folded edged, and press it flat with an iron.
After spraying perfume (places other than your hair), then give your body a quick hit from the hair-dryer, to really bring out the perfume.
Pull the drawstrings to gather the opening of the bag.
Conceal any red spots or hyperpigmentation.
Fold the cuff up by ⁄2 inch (1.3 cm) and sew it down, if desired.
Find a sock that the top band can be cut off.
Take the hair at the top of the clip and move it to your liking.
Split your dress in half with a thin belt.
Create a look with extra volume.
Squirt just a little bit of water on top of your gel/foamburst/deodrant.
Check the jeans’ material to see if it will shrink.
Beware of neck pain.
Add the alcohol to the oils.
Cure your nails under the UV light for 2-3 minutes.
Get a sharp pair of scissors.
Use plastic wrap between the pot and the lid.
Make an avocado-and-olive oil yogurt mask for extra moisture.
Blend cucumber and yogurt together to soothe your skin.
Consider taking Biotin and multivitamins with enough daily value of Vitamins B5, B6, B12 and Vitamins A and C. Biotin and Vitamins of "B" group are known for promoting hair, eyelash and eyebrow growth, Vitamins A and C are responsible for blood and oxygen circulation, allowing better food supply for eyelash and eyebrow follicles.
Cover unruly hairlines and roots with clever styling or a scarf.
Rinse the mask with your usual shampoo.
Twist the right section.
Braid your hair while it's damp for natural, beachy waves.
Wet a makeup pad with the makeup remover of your choice.
Comb your hair, then give it a spray with a quick spray with a volumizing or texturizing hairspray.
If you really want a physical symbol, but find rings uncomfortable, consider other forms of jewelry.
Try a top knot for men.
Sew the stiffener into the brim piece.
Round out your outfit with sneakers for a comfortable weekend look.
Finish your cleanse by rubbing an ice cube on your face.
Pat your lashes if you have to touch them, instead of rubbing them.
Add some glam.
Apply a thick smear of white liner to your top lids.
Before your nails dry, sprinkle some glitter on your nails.
Locate the center groove of your tongue.
Spray a mix of lemon juice and water on your skin to lighten it.
Dispel the myths about your growing breasts.
Consult with your doctor about using cryosurgery, radiotherapy, or laser treatment.
Determine the duration of time that you will spend on deep-conditioning your hair.
Wear heels with straight or skinny colored pants.
Add a light jacket or cardigan if the weather is cool.
Buy a wide-neck if you want to layer your sweater.
Ask your friends/family if they want some of it.
Choose a wallet that is a suitable size for your needs.
Eat a well-balanced diet to maintain good health in general.
Repeat the motion until you’ve removed all of the debris.
Lay a shirt out on a flat surface with the arms spread out smoothly.
Add color with washable markers.
Repeat steps 6-9 until you reach the nape of your neck.
Pair overalls with a chunky sweater for an autumn-inspired look.
Work in a section of hair from behind the other ear and finish the braid.
Turn the unstitched edge over about 1/2 an inch/1 cm.
Choose colors that look best in photos.
Do your hair!.
Disinfect the earring hooks.
Steep 3 tbsp (50 g) of chamomile leaves in the water overnight, if desired.
Do not swallow this toothpaste!.
Take a break from the puff.
Help the kids out of the bath if they can't do it alone.
Snip off the ends of the warp wire and tuck them in.
Glue the dividers into the box.
Rinse out the treatment.
Search for a curvy social group in your area.
Leave the bottom layer of hair hanging loose.
Know your plans.
Blot the inside of your boots.
Use the hand lotion.
If you wish to do your eyebrows, feel free, but keep the look natural, and don't over tweeze or pencil them heavily.
Flannel - more thick type of cotton fabric.
Move the container away from other surfaces.
Transfer your cream to an apothecary bottle or keep it in the jar for storage.
Put the basin and bag in place.
Prepare the cardboard paper roll.
Get plenty of vitamins.
Cover your lips with concealer.
Pack a water bottle, medical supplies, Neosporin, band-aids, and a hand towel.
Hang the Le Pliage on a hanger and let it dry further for another day (check the insides and the leather straps and make sure they are dry).
Wear a strong eye or lip look.
Match patterns.
Put on the garter belt before rolling on your stockings.
Find a scrunchy (a hairband with cloth around it) or a cotton headband.
After blow drying your hair, spray your hair with a heat protectant spray so your straightener doesn't damage your hair.
Search for things that scream "you".
Let the tattoo get enough air as it heals.
Cut your hair in layers to help distribute the volume.
Fit the rest of the non-folded end into the second loop created by the twist.
Celebrate your newly pierced ears.
Train your hair into 360 waves.
Consider dyeing your hair with henna rather than with commercial dye.
Grind oatmeal to create a paste.
Put on a belt for a subtle way to enhance your outfit.
Inspect the elastic waistband and seams for quality construction.
Look for “relaxed” conditioners or leave-in masks for relaxed hair.
Put your hair in a low ponytail.
Air-dry and use a cool blow-dry setting.
If you want to have a more dramatic look, get to school early and do your makeup in the bathroom.
Sit with your knees up and your head between them so you can fully inhale the oil vapours.
Pour your dry ingredients into a bowl.
Adjust and take off.
What if you don't have a look?.
Layer your peacoat atop a knit turtleneck sweater for added warmth.
Add a modern touch to your outfit with black pearl earrings.
Trim away frizz, dip the braids in hot water, then set them with gel.
Look for chemical exfoliators at a store.
Partition your hair into sections.
Throw on a bomber jacket to emphasize your waist.
Add a cord to the neckline to pull it shut.
Apply hair gel with glycerine in it and let your hair air-dry.
Make use of the natural environment.
Heat up the rollers.
Apply the tongs to your hair.
Put on a shirtdress for a comfortable and cute style.
Let your hair down with a soft curl or tease.
Dampen newspaper to target certain areas of your sandals.
Try a slit in a skirt or dress.
Gather up your ingredients.
Start with a base coat.
Put on a tight-fitting shirt to see if your bra is visible.
Pour 2 ounces (60 milliliters) of distilled water down the funnel.
Make a mark on the tank top where you want the skirt to begin.
Pin the binding around the armholes.
Bake your clay snowmen.
Try skinny jeans and pants.
Direct the cylinder side upwards.
Don't swear.
Take a temporarily repaired heel to a professional shoe fixer for a decent fix.
Go to second hand stores or thrift shops.
Try dermabrasion.
Flip out the ends for short, layered hair to frame your face.
Put the bronzer on your cheekbones and the t-zone area.
Combine a printed scarf with a plain jacket for a balanced look.
In a medium-sized mixing bowl, whip 1 cup (250 grams) of plain, Greek yogurt.
Dye your facial hair to make it look thicker.
Consider adding individual images on top.
The best colors for a suit are lighter shades.
Put two large hot stones on their buttocks.
Find the right time to apply your makeup.
Refrain from licking your lips.
Cut the hair across using a pair of hairdressing shears.
Let a neighbor know you'll be home alone.
Trim thick hair on your back.
Let the henna sit for several hours until the paste has released the dye.
Wait about 5 minutes.
Let down the next layer of hair.
Do the same with the bottom string, through the bottom hole.
Once you reach your neck, continue weaving the 5 strands in the same pattern, and secure at the bottom with a hair-band.
Distress the shorts.
Place the button cap on top of the fabric, smooth-side-down.
Use the round-nosed pliers to bend the wire 90 degrees, cut to allow approximately 1 centimeter (0.4 in) past the bend.
Place the pieces of fabric wrong-side facing together.
Opt for slim-fitting pants if you don't want to wear palazzo pants.
Repeat steps 2-5 over again.
Flip it onto the other side and splatter it again!.
Start braiding.
Start with clean, dry, moisturized hair.
Place the image of the pig onto the Mod Podge, image side facing down onto the flat side of the cabochon.
Add a touch of glam with a long black statement coat and sunglasses.
Sew the tube into place.
Heat the coconut oil on the stovetop for 2 minutes.
After your concealing session, dampen a makeup sponge, rub on the foundation powder, and dab on skin.
Display a few of your favorite pieces on a tray.
Take a shower.
Thread the string/ribbon through the cuts.
Sign up for an email list.
Use a tube-shaped object you can wrap your hair around twice.
Use your hands to push your hair back and style it.
Add hair to the strand in the front and pass it under the middle strand.
Now get a bronzer and a brush, and gently apply over the face to give you that glowing goddess look.
Opt for a dark wash if you want a sophisticated look.
Be rude to others.
Draw arrows at the corner of your mouth.
Comb out your hair and divide it into four equal sections.
Switch to a hydrating cleanser if your oiliness is caused by dry skin.
Promote gut health.
Wash your beard with anti-dandruff shampoo.
Place the left side of your non-dominant hand on the table in a relaxed manner and either straighten your pinky out and tuck your ring finger in under your hand or vice versa.
Soak your nails every other week or so in warm water and a moisturizing soap.
Try a diagonal part if you want a polished, slimming, sexy style.
Avoid sunburn on your scalp.
Wash off all the Nair.
Wait about 2 months to start seeing results.
Wear it with a belt and monochrome accessories.
Identify when you should go to sleep.
Use vertical stripes to elongate your whole body.
Use gloved hands to saturate dry hair with the mixture from root to tip.
Get regular check-ups.
Brew 2 cups (470 mL) of dark roast coffee and let it cool down.
Adjust to lighter strokes during your massage.
See if you have a mutual friend or acquaintance with your stalker.
Tie your hair back.
Select your rollers.
Boil the small amount of water in the microwave or on the stove.
Pour the gel into a small jar.
Bring travel-friendly running shoes.
Use a loofah, not a pouf.
Don’t pack on too much makeup.
Slip the D-ring under this folded top end.
Eat foods with tyrosine.
Attach an embellishment to a thin piece of tulle.
Finish twisting your braid.
Remove the laces and wash off excess dirt.
Donate clothes and accessories you can’t sell.
Form the first goal into a circle.
Ask about Radix Arnebiae.
Backcomb the hair for the quiff.
Moisturize your twists with a natural oil.
Choose the setting.
Hide thin pads in the back pocket of your pants.
Repeat the process for the final layer.
Be realistic.
Eat plenty of unsaturated fats.
Pin the scarf under your chin for a secure look.
Ask for a discount on slightly damaged clothing.
Obtain some Sea Kelp Ferment.
Make an overhand knot like the picture shown.
Sew two poppers at the finished end of the tube (the end with the decoration), and sew the corresponding parts to the tube near where it is attached to the dress, so that when wrapped around the belt is neither too loose nor too tight.
Wax/shave areas needed.
Exfoliate and open your pores gently.
Pair a full, white midi skirt with a skinny belt and a grey or black blouse.
Get shin guards.
Mix everything up and put into a container.
Try an acid wash pair to look both cool and casual.
If you do not want to watch TV, just sit out in your back yard or by a window, and enjoy the fresh air or view while you drink your favorite hot drink.
Find a powder-compact powder is probably best- that is lighter than your skin, but not too much.
Apply rubbing alcohol (70%) to a sheet of paper towel (also known as kitchen roll).
See a doctor if you experience chronic back pain that lasts 4-12 weeks.
Cut lines into the denim with a knife.
Mix coarse sugar with coconut oil to exfoliate your lips.
Shape your eyebrows!.
Learn the rules regarding your country's passport photos.
Store your shoes out of direct sunlight.
Scrape off the softened paint.
Sweep bronzer lightly over your cheek and eyebrow bones.
Buy a bottle of Gentian Violet from your local drugstore.
Avoid straightening your hair.
Wash your nose and face daily.
Make a coconut oil mask.
Keep the skin on your face clean and free of chemicals.
Get a contouring kit.
Tidy periodically.
Add crunchy fruits and veggies to your diet.
Always be kind and friendly to the people serving you (waiters, etc.).
Eat a  well-balanced diet.
Use a vacuum or duster to remove pollen from wicker furniture.
Blot the shirt all around the design.
Take a light, shimmery eyeshadow color and blend it with your blending brush underneath your eyebrows, and in the corner of your eye.
Now it's time to curl your lashes.
Discuss treatment with your doctor.
Measure your under bust.
Use a pencil for more definition.
Consider an expert appraisal for watches past the 1980s.
Have your teeth cleaned.
Sprinkle cornstarch or talcum powder over your boots.
Touch it up.
Dress nicely.
Bring hiking boots.
Choose costumes that will give you an excuse to buy makeup whenever possible.
When picking shoes, get the ones with a cute design but make sure they are also comfortable to wear.
Choose an eyebrow pencil that is the same shade as your hair.
Put your hair up in an elegant ponytail.
Measure your wrist circumference just above the bone.
Keep spray in the refrigerator.
Repeat this method every day for silky smooth lips that anyone would love to kiss!.
Part your hair down the middle to create 2 pigtail sections.
Keep a clean face.
Try on clothing before buying it.
Sing and dance!.
Add a bold statement necklace.
Section off the front part of your hair.
Wear earrings with sensitive skin.
Be prepared for the huge change the makeover will have on your appearance.
Get exercising.
Have confidence and a positive attitude!.
Revlon's creme compact foundations are:.
Leave the curlers in overnight.
Use blotting papers on any oily areas.
Give the illusion of more volume.
Use decal or “waterslide” paper.
Apply the wax.
Moisturize your body with lotion after your bath.
Create a 1 part bleach and 1 part water mixture and soak the laces in it for about 10 minutes.
Get them sized properly.
Draw the pattern to scale on a piece of paper (8" x 6 1/2").
Choose shoes with a low-vamp to make your legs look longer.
Use perfume for a fragrant rubdown.
Cut out the pattern pieces that you will need.
Wear liner socks.
Fill in your waterline with colored liner.
Bake your clothes in a mixture of water and citric acid to set the dye.
Don't get OUT OF CONTROL ANGRY.
Taste the oil.
Trim off the bottom hem, then cut it apart to make a longer strand.
Apply a concealer to areas with discoloration, fine lines, dark circles, or pimples.
Examine the authenticity card for the right information and good quality.
Take a taxi home if you're drunk.
Slide the rags or cardboard into the shirt to protect the back from being bleached.
Store your blade outside of the bathroom.
Undress.
Clean your opal ring every few months to prevent buildup of dirt and oils.
Use the pliers to keep molding your heart shape.
Lighten your brows with chamomile tea.
Hang the earrings onto the earring findings and enjoy your new cupcake jewellery.
Drop approximately 6 to 7 drops of bergamot oil into the mixture and mix slowly.
Lay your jewelry on a paper towel and dry with a hair dryer.
Shave or wax any hair that you don't want on your body.
Mix equal parts baking soda and dishwashing liquid in a bowl and mix it into an evenly mixed, loose paste.
Wear dark leather shoes.
Eat more fish.
Using an atomizer:   Using an atomizer to apply your fragrance can be tricky.
Be confident in your own clothes.
Separate your threads.
Lay out your cloth on a smooth clean surface.
Cut strips of black fleece long and wide enough to make a cuff around the wrist.
Keep your scar tissue moist by applying petroleum jelly daily.
Find the right gel for your hair.
Curl or iron your hair to change its texture.
Wear beige-pink cords with neutral accessories for a timeless look.
Pat dry gently.
Apply anti-aging creams that are high in antioxidants.
Clean your piercing twice a day.
Wash your hair with a clarifying shampoo once per month.
Get healthy.
Rock the Adidas Yeezy 950 or military style if you want a pair of boots.
Place clean sheets, pillows and bolsters on the table to help support the body during a massage.
Pass the final exams.
Eat a healthy, balanced diet.
Don't forget to stroke the back of hands and soles of feet in soft circles as these areas are highly sensitive and receptive to light touches.
Use an eyelash curler and then clear mascara.
Hold the towel length-ways behind your back with adjacent corners in each hand.
Peel off whatever is ready to come off with ease.
Consider your skin needs.
Buy alcohol.
Dedicate a specific area in your closet to hoodie storage.
Rinse your hair with rosemary and mint.
Trim hat size reducers with scissors to the length you need.
At last, stop adding the Opaque 8/0 Glass Seed Bead and repeat the threading way with three cord strands.
Take biotin supplements daily to thicken your facial hair.
Dress down a leather skirt.
Quit smoking to improve your overall health.
Do ombre nails.
Angle the shawl down for a cross-body look.
Purchase petroleum jelly.
Shampoo your hair 1-2 times a week.
Use ampoules as often as the brand instructs.
Keep your ensemble classy and formal with a pair of matching heels.
Repair dryness and damage with a weekly hair mask or balm.
Mix hot water and henna powder in a plastic bowl.
Connect your hat to your outfit.
Use a cotton T-shirt instead of a towel to dry hair.
Opt for thick denim in the colder months.
Mix one teaspoon of honey with one tablespoon of lemon juice and apply to skin for at least 20 minutes, then wash off with tepid water.
Once you have narrowed down a form of foundation, consider the level of coverage you want or need.
Place a photo under your case to remind you of happy memories.
Wear makeup at home.
Check if your wig can bear exposure to heat.
Eat blackberries and blueberries: These blackberries look similar to raspberries and blueberries are little balls.
Add one teaspoon of olive oil or honey.
Drape a towel over your head and place your face above the bowl.
Add whatever embellishments please you.
Modify your diet.
Treat acne with prescribed medications.
Develop your sense of humor.
Bring a close friend or family member along with you to help you feel less scared.
Invent a personalized and creative way of wearing your wedding band.
Determine the size of your hat based on your measurements.
Apply mousse or hairspray.
Use hairspray to keep your hair in place.
Pour in small dollops.
Gather the extensions into a ponytail.
Create a papaya face mask for a nourishing, exfoliating option.
Brush your hair.
Try with adjustable nose pads so you can tighten them.
Headgear.If you are fair skinned or just don't like the sun bring a hat.
Cut a few pieces of cardboard according to those measurements.
Grab a small section of hair from next to the part.
Choose rich, hydrating creams if you have dry skin.
Minimize the number of times you wash the sweaters.
Visit your doctor immediately if you have any concerns.
Store perfumed sachets in your clothes drawers and closets.
Clean your hands.
Start soaping the outside of the bag.
Opt for bold socks if you want to add a pop of color.
Maintain a healthy mane.
Take vitamins.
Pull the tape across the bottom hem for the hips.
Don't break in your jacket with excessive force.
Wear flats or athletic shoes for a casual look.
Mix the ingredients together in a blender or mortar and pestle.
If you’re curvy, avoid jeans with thigh details.
Fix any smudges.
Steer clear of hair color.
Air-dry your garment for 2-3 hours after you wash it.
Use a setting powder.
Cut the band.
Add a cape or cardigan.
Look on the Internet for new artists and brand new sounds.
Cure the foundation under an LED or UV lamp.
Store pantyhose carefully.
Pack up and clean up.
Apply the pinch of ganda beroza to your body hair.
So take care of yourself because you are worth it.
Choose the right length.
Avoid hitching up long skirts around your waistline.
Add 10 to 15 drops of your favorite essential oil.
Make sure the arch peaks just past the outer edge of your iris.
Request samples by writing an email if you want a specific product.
Push up your eyelashes to curl them.
Accessorize with hats, scarves, necklaces, and earrings.
Get a chemical peel to improve the overall look of your skin.
Moisturize your skin after scrubbing.
Leave the piercings in for one to three months.
Wear your red pumps with casual clothes.
Try on some jewelry.
Pack versatile shoes.
After it's boiled up, take it off the heat and pour into a clean bottle or other container.
Measure and cut your fabrics.
Seal the ceramic bowl.
Once your finished use a after-shaving lotion or a body lotion to make your legs even smoother and moisturizer.
Scoop or squirt lotion into your pot so it fills it up halfway.
Open up your piece and attach interfacing.
Keep your strides natural or a little shorter, if necessary.
Stash a pad or tampon in a tissue container.
Beforehand, Wash your hair with a moisture protecting shampoo and conditioner.
Add the slipcover and let it soak for 15 minutes, stirring often.
Choose a pair of riding boots to give skinny jeans a classic, preppy look.
Cut a piece of fabric slightly larger than the hole.
Buy a Bluetooth-enabled brush to record cleaning data.
Allow the primer to dry before completing your eye makeup.
Wear a classy shoe.
Do not mess with your piercing.
Organize KonMari folded hoodies vertically in a drawer.
Decide which craft items would benefit from being kept in a small storage container.
Wash and dry your clothes regularly.
Tumble dry your leggings on the lowest setting if you’re in a rush.
Set a budget before you place an order.
Toss your hair back in a low bun or ponytail if you’re in a rush.
Cut 4 strands of cord, leather, or thick yarn into equal lengths.
Remove the insoles from the shoes.
Cut at angle from the knees down to opposite bottom corner of the fabric.
Tie back your hair.
Maintain space between unwashed clothes wearing.
Use the criss-cross or straight style but skip the fourth hole.
Position your camera slightly above your eye line.
Aim for 7-8 hours of sleep each night.
Avoid doing sports and activities that could cause your clothing to come up.
Apply the color with a brush.
Mix well with spatula.
Apply rhinestones or gems.
After you have completed these steps, you've successfully found your perfect facial makeup for olive coloured skin!.
Make more safety pins.
Take a 1 in (2.5 cm) wide section of hair from the top of your head.
Test out your outfit.
Have fun with Photoshop.
Have some great reasons ready for why you are wearing them, should other people - family, friends, relatives or others - come over to see you in your house or apartment that evening and find you wearing them.
Braid each quarter.
Steep a green tea bag in two to three cups of hot water.
Lay the jacket down.
Repeat steps 3-5 for the opposite pigtail.
Overcome your embarrassment if you're a man.
Stand confidently with your shoulders back.
Clean your silicone inserts with a washcloth, soap, and water.
Place your nail polish collection in the box.
If possible, cover the piercing with a waterproof dressing.
Contact different massage schools: Find out in advance about the contents of the course, their pricing and any other requirements for attending the course.
Select a hoodie to wear under your blazer to stay comfortable.
Pour tomato juice over your hair for a powerful deodorizer.
Hem the top and bottom of the tube.
Pre-treat stains with a small amount of baby shampoo.
Talk to your doctor if your skin isn't clear in 4-8 weeks.
Pop a puffer vest overtop of your checked shirt for a sporty, warm look.
Taking the stick, remove all the eyeshadow from the pot, before moving it into your container.
Choose a contrasting shade of eyeliner for hazel or brown eyes.
Apply WD-40 to areas other than your face.
Apply the deep conditioner.
Find jeans with rips and distressed details.
Keep lips hydrated.
Slip the bead on one end of the ring and close it with the ring closing pliers.
Dry yourself with a soft towel and put on the clothes that have been prepared.
Avoid washing your hair before you color it.
Store the jar in a cool, dry place.
Line the shoe.
Choose an outfit that will keep you cool.
Remove your fasteners.
Tuck the crotch and bottom of the thong into the band at the top.
Wear goggles.
Know that chemotherapy can cause mouth sores.
Simmer the mixture for 1 hour, stirring occasionally.
Wet your jeans.
Begin wrapping and stitching the loose ends of the ponytail in place.
Avoid ingrown hairs.
Soles and ha: The soles for the typical adult geta are about 4 or 5 inches (10.2 or 12.7 cm) wide, 9 to 11 inches (22.9 to 27.9 cm) long, and ⁄2 to ⁄4 inch (1.3 to 1.9 cm) thick.
Check out the items of clothing, jewellery, accessories, etc that you already have and see if there is anything that you can use.
Make the last folds.
Apply liquid foundations and cream blushes instead of powders.
Wake up.
Do a quick patch test by putting some of the juice on your inner elbow.
Enjoy the visit.
Throw on a turtleneck and tuck it in to stay warm and look chic.
Keep your life secret.
Don’t expose real suede to extreme heat or cold.
Find a small white tag inside the bag with a number printed on it.
Lift your skirt before you sit down or stand up.
Cozy up for winter with a puffy parka.
Add the rose petals.
Use simple line work and patterns to fill in un-inked skin.
Wear a 100% silicone band.
Secure the pineapple (optional).
Use good posture.
Clip the rope or braid out of the way.
Assume business casual attire unless told otherwise.
Place the ribbons into a deep dish.
Layer a faux fur vest over a parka for a touch of glam.
Plait one pigtail as tightly as you possibly can, it may be helpful to  and tilt your head till the pigtail is hanging vertically, so as not to pull the pigtail at a peculiar angle.
Speak up.
Start with wet hair before bed.
Protect your skin from getting a base tan.
Mix 1 US tbsp (15 mL) of lemon juice with 3 US tbsp (44 mL) of conditioner.
Eat foods that stimulate collagen production.
Store your bag out of direct sunlight.
Dab the stains with the soapy cloth.
Buy a temporary spray-on hair color.
Rub the scrub across your lips.
Eat healthy and exercise.
Let the lip balm set before removing the cookie cutter from the center.
Carefully cut the remaining fabric to make two fabric bra straps.
Use natural body art quality henna.
Consider adding some fragrance.
Bring to boil over medium high heat, and continue until the contents in pot are reduced to about half.
Determine the type of massage.
Wash, dry, and iron your desired fabric.
Know which style elements were common to the 1950s.
Iron right-sides together lengthwise.
Get the right makeup brushes.
Visit an appraiser for further confirmation.
Use lemon juice.
Find the neckline.
Avoid getting cushioned brushes wet for long.
Again you will use the tumbler to stretch the cuff and hold it in place while you stitch the band edge to the sleeve just above the existing sleeve edge.
Choose appropriate hair products for your hair type.
Shave using long, slow strokes.
Let the mixture steep.
Divide the back section of hair.
Rinse your hair with the coffee.
Twist your hair in baby wipes for springy curls.
Use volume-reducing hair products.
Try the most popular aromatherapy oils.
Apply the fabric over the wax in the direction of hair growth, leaving enough free fabric at the end to grasp the strip firmly.
Take care of yourself when you're down.
Pour the mixture into a container and allow to cool.
Rinse out high porosity hair with cold water at the end of a shower.
Compare your hair to the LOIS system.
Avoid dressing too young or too old.
Tie socks into your hair.
Store your Uggs in a clean, dry place.
Perform daily self-care.
Practice heel-toe walking.
Close the clip under the braid.
Make eye shadow using eye shadow pigments.
Sell just to pelt to increase your overall profit.
Keep your glasses in a case when you aren't wearing them.
Avoid returning to a stylist that consistently braids too tightly.
Fold the overalls in half.
Bring a few sports jackets.
Cover the panels with the protective material of your choice.
Drink at least 8 glasses of water per day.
Wipe off any stray mascara/eyeliner/eyeshadow.
Go over the shoe one last time (or several more times depending on how wet/damp your shoe still is) with a dry napkin or tissue or towel.
Leave the conditioner in for 2-5 minutes before rinsing out.
Wear gray canvas slip-ons with white denim.
Buy clear nose rings.
Go with dramatic, long lashes if you have deep-set eyes.
Don't exaggerate when using make-up.
Pull the bias tape, or the binding, away from the shirt.
Do gate swing squats.
Repeat the process for your entire head.
Pour the powder back into the metal pan.
Read customer reviews to get a sense of the quality and fit.
Pull the comb out of your beard if you hit a snag.
Exfoliating face cleanser - To clean your face and exfoliate skin at the same time, mix a half-teaspoon of Epsom salt with your regular cleansing cream.
Detangle any remaining knots.
Touch and brush your hair as little as possible during the first 3 days.
Remove existing nail polish.
Close the claps and hooks.
Put the vinegar in the bowl as well.
Brighten your clothing by adding black pepper to the wash. Place your clothes in the washing machine just as you normally would, then add 2-3 tsp (8-12 g) of ground black pepper in with your clothes.
Comb the loose hair on top over the backcombed section.
Observe weather patterns.
Use petroleum jelly for dry skin.
Wear as a bandeau cascade dress.
Keep your outfit simple.
Buy or collect six pieces of embroidery thread.
Adapt your hair care to the weather changes.
Block the sun with a parasol.
Let the yogurt conditioner rest in your hair for 15 to 20 minutes.
Slowly unravel the hair from the pencil.
Mend damage or loose heels with glue.
Blow dry your hair.
Fold and compress the scarf to gently squeeze out excess water.
Consider the cashier's perspective.
Define your personality.
Know what clothes look good on you.
Bring the corners together to fold a flat sheet.
Make an egg wash solution.
Wind some small-gauge wire around the stem for additional support.
Clean the soles.
Find a place in the bathroom where you are most comfortable applying your makeup.
Understand that you don't have to support every conservative cause.
Place your wool sweater flat on a towel and roll up the towel and sweater.
Put your suit on a felt coat hanger.
Wash. Use a slow spin only.
Ensure you get enough protein in your diet.
Get more sun.
Fold the bottom of the suit jacket upward and over the pants.
Drape the dupatta over your head for a traditional look.
Put the events in the top left, and put the time(s) opposite of the events.
Spritz your hair with some water before beginning.
Once removed, dry your face with a clean towel by patting your face to remove excess water.
Keep your closet organized.
Start with the eyes.
Blast your triceps.
Make your own stuff (D.I.Y.).
Know what to look for.
Talk to your tattoo artist about your pain tolerance.
Straighten your hair section by section using a brush and your blow dryer with a nozzle.
Treat your shoes with a protective suede spray when you first get them.
Exercise regularly.
Stir in 30 drops of tea tree essential oil and ¼ teaspoon (1.25 milliliters) of Vitamin E oil.
Take a small section of hair and wrap it around the headband.
Sleep on a silk or satin pillowcase.
Wear accessories.
Massage a handful of cooled coffee grounds into wet hair.
Remove your nails by soaking them in nail polish remover.
Redo your ponytail.
Stop playing with your hair.
Replace the jacket buttons with something more flashy.
Cover your scissors and knives.
Take your brush and glide it through the oil and the soap.
Add the essential oils and mix for another 2 minutes.
Donate shirts that you don’t want but are still usable.
Wear colorful jewelry.
Shop for shoes that best fit your foot type.
Go sunbathing.
Wipe the brim of your bowler hat with a clean cloth.
Wear sophisticated accessories with a chic dress.
Use a pair of pliers to pull the metal loop out of the button back.
Choose winged or wispy lashes if you have round eyes.
Don't pick at your nails.
Prepare yourself for the piercing.
Add a highlighting shade in between the breasts.
Display affection, even in public.
Wash and dry your feet so they’re clean.
Wrap the longer side around your neck once.
Shower everyday, but don't wash your hair everyday since this can remove the natural oil in your scalp, making your hair go dry.
Launder your materials according to their care instructions.
Gather the needed supplies.
Plan out your design.
Orchestrate your look with a basic dress.
Add mascara.
Opt for a high-waisted pencil skirt for a sophisticated work look.
Highlight emotion with your eyes.
Choose a flower tattoo.
Do fun things in an organizer, but don't make it too fancy and decorated with sequins and beads.
Release your pliers, and use your wire cutters to cut the extra wire that does not form part of the loop.
Use a body wash with salicylic acid in it to help exfoliate your back.
Ask your burn therapist about surgery if other methods aren’t effective.
Be happy.
Wash the penis.
Continue hammering and flipping the ring until it is the right size.
Crush one whole tomato.
Display a pin on a hat.
Twist the brush under your bangs to curl the hair on the brush.
Measure your head with a measuring tape.
Then put on the kettle and make yourself some tea, hot chocolate, etc.
Apply some oil as well.
Push the stick up slightly to catch the hair of the middle coils.
Dry your leggings with heat.
Leave the jewelry in place for the first six months.
Organize your wardrobe.
Try the pajamas on the child to measure how much longer the sleeves and legs should be.
Save the residue inside the peel for under-eye wrinkles.
Stay away from very low-cut tops, busy prints, and excessive details.
Spend time with your friends so you seem like a fun person.
Clean your hairbrush.
Use oil based or Dual Action eye makeup remover.
Hand wash the shirt and hang it up to dry.
Get in shape.
Try buffing your nails lightly for a temporary solution.
Snack on sweets, popcorn, chocolate and ice cream whilst watching TV/a film, reading a book or surfing the internet but try to avoid using your phone or checking on social networks as it can stress you out.
Cut along the line you drew.
Work the product into the long hair on top of your head with your hands.
Choose your pastry shoes.
Do this process on 4a as well, but do not continue onto 4b.
Decide if you tense when you try to insert your tampon.
Purchase a few onions.
Practice good hygiene.
Add 2 to 3 spoonfuls of coconut oil to the colored paste.
Use a moisturizer with SPF.
Cut a shorter layer underneath the top layer.
Flip the bundle inside out three times.
Coil the ribbon of paste back on the stick.
Decide where you want the bow or decoration to be, whether at the front of the dress or at the back and, while wearing the dress, pin the other end of the tube to the dress, so that when wrapped around the decoration will be in the correct place.
Cross strand 1 under strand 2, then over strand 3.
Visit a salon for a professional toning treatment.
Seek outside advice and opinions when you try out new products.
Choose some suitable accessories.
Carry your glasses in a case.
See a dermatologist or certified medical spa about skin lasering.
Close the top tightly.
Pick the right skirts and trousers:.
Add a small amount of cocoa powder to darken the shade.
Show your passion for the sport by giving 100% effort on the field.
Continue to French braid towards your crown.
Good hygiene is crucial!.
Group together your plastic or metal headbands so they don’t break.
Brush/comb out your hair.
Do not submerge your canvas purse in water.
Add details to your caps.
Put on jewelry!.
Wear panties that don’t sit higher than the belt on your waist.
Repeat with remaining pieces of fleece.
Set up a dying time and a date either over the phone or in person.
See a dermatologist if you have cystic or nodule acne.
Clean the wand before trying any alternative uses.
Develop a new exercise routine for more energy.
Invest in an ultrasonic machine to frequently clean multiple pieces.
Opt for drawstring and elastic waistbands if you want something easy to adjust.
Cut your hair short at the sides of your head.
Try a banana honey face mask.
Pre-soak the pants in water and bleach.
Use lip fillers to plump up your lips semi-permanently.
Have your pupil size measured.
Show some individuality.
Split this section into thirds.
Eat special foods that must be eaten to reduce aging signs from your skin.
Eat a healthy diet based on fresh produce and lean protein.
Unclip the top section of hair and repeat the process for all sections.
Add color to your cheeks.
Keep your hair from being damaged by harsh chemicals.
Pick oils derived from flowers to make a floral-scented perfume.
Gather an angled section of hair on the left side and add it to the guide.
Feel your cheek with the back of your hand to see if there’s enough powder.
Wear the right shoes.
Wear a fitted vest for a stylized, unique look.
Wear your T-shirt fully tucked-in for a more polished look.
Let your child pick out their glasses.
Transform your umbrella.
Massage around their shoulders and up to the back of their neck.
Place one hand on each side of the clasp.
Create a waistband pocket.
Place the back of the button on top of the fabric.
Touch the shoulders together by folding your suit jacket in half lengthwise.
Slide a pencil halfway down the tweezers.
Condition your hair.
Stay healthy before picture day.
Use bronze eyeshadow pencil to start the smoky eye.
Rub the lenses with a microfiber cloth to remove the coating.
Apply tasteful makeup.
Follow these routines as suits your skin:.
Hand wash a tie with silk detergent for regular cleaning.
Moisturize your hair with a weekly hot oil treatment.
Twist your hair into chunks.
Turn the T-shirt inside-out and place the bust piece on top.
Choose the warm areas of your body.
Wear lipstick to enhance your frames.
Fill a bath with warm water.
Thread the top left corner of the pareo through the buckle.
Reduce your daily stress and anxiety to decrease itching.
Obtain consent from your subject, or for very young children, from their parent.
Place the first two fingers of each hand on the temples and circle gently for a minute or two, applying a little pressure.
Decide how long you want your leg warmers to be.
See imperfections as “human.” If you tend to react to flaws and disappointments with berating and self-deprecation, your body image will suffer.
Consider laser hair removal.
Consider the pros and cons of tanning.
Make your own face mask.
Line the outer corner of your lower lashes with black or charcoal eyeshadow.
Rinse out the mask.
Give them to someone who has just been through a recent tragic house fire and seems to have no clothes available to wear.
Get a henna tattoo from a reputable professional.
Brush your brush to your palms gently, in order to remove the makeup and dirt.
Place the earmuffs over your ears.
Sew elastic into the neckline to scrunch it together.
Brush teeth 2-3 times a day.
Purchase Bactine.
{"smallUrl":"https:\/\/www.wikihow.com\/images\/6\/6c\/Hold-between-thumb-and-forefinger-Step-2.jpg","bigUrl":"https:\/\/www.wikihow.com\/images\/6\/6c\/Hold-between-thumb-and-forefinger-Step-2.jpg","smallWidth":460,"smallHeight":344,"bigWidth":760,"bigHeight":568,"licensing":"<div class=\"mw-parser-output\"><p>License: <a rel=\"nofollow\" class=\"external text\" href=\"https:\/\/creativecommons.org\/licenses\/by-nc-sa\/2.5\/\">Creative Commons<\/a><br>\n<\/p><p><br \/>\n<\/p><\/div>"}  .
Purchase a deep conditioning treatment to use once a week.
Stuff your espadrilles with newsprint if the jute sole gets wet.
Love your curls however thick or thin they are.
Opt for a wrap dress to emphasize a small waist.
Follow the curler’s instructions for how to turn it on.
Sit up.
Let the Kool-Aid mixture sit on your pubic hair for 15-30 minutes.
Take the bottom edge of the newspaper, and fold it up.
Get a lid and cover the container.
Cut your hair above your fingers with a razor comb using short, down-ward strokes.
Pin the curl in place with bobby pins.
Get your graphic.
Dry the curtains.
Continue rolling the entire top edge all the way around your waist.
Wear your scarf as a skirt.
Choose a bright purse or bag.
Make the first fold.
Make sure your choice of slides is appropriate.
Dress up a T-shirt by wearing a blazer over it.
Consider talking to a therapist.
Create a steam environment.
Take your measurement while your arms are relaxed.
Tie the bandana.
Pack shoes that are worn in.
Keep the funnel in place.
Tell your self "I'm beautiful.".
Slide the edge of the sleeve with one edge of the sock band over a child size drink tumbler to stretch it out so the stitches be sewed in such a way that the opening is able to stretch and the hand can go comfortably into the opening.
Choose tart with a heart tops:.
Use adhesive body spray to prevent slippage.
Brush with a top coat to protect.
Use a liquid matte finish foundation.
Pay attention to your grooming in general.
Put in some effort.
Try it before you buy it.
Wear bracelets and chains on your other wrist to protect the watch.
Ask your doctor to test you for vitamin deficiencies.
Turn your jeans into cut-off shorts.
Choose high-waisted pants if you have a slim, athletic build.
Limit your use of heat styling tools as much as possible.
Look into gender reassignment surgery.
Create a braided headband for a romantic look.
Create multiple braids.
Fill the cleaner with water and detergent.
Mix equal parts baby shampoo and water.
Tie a knot to secure.
Pour 3 teaspoons of argan oil into the bottle.
Let it cool.
Pull the Bunchem gently away from the scalp once the ball is loosened.
Choose a simple hairstyle.
Protect your hair from outside damage.
Add 3 drops of lavender essential oil.
Braid hair correctly.
Apply lip liner before putting on lipstick to create a bold look.
Pull the folded cloth back against your opposite hip and hold it tightly against your body.
Opt for neutral-toned accessories to create a classy look.
Try some beach waves.
Add links to loosen the band.
Cut the lowest layer of layered hair.
Set the jar in a cool, dark place.
Alternate waistbands when stacking, to save space.
Add shine to heat-damaged hair.
Lie down with a tennis ball placed under your neck and turn your head.
Press your pants flat on their natural crease.
Make sure you have access to a batting helmet.
Add 3 to 4 unsweetened Kool-Aid packets to 2  c (470 mL) of hot water.
Pair red shoes with patterns that have traces of red in them.
Visit your dentist every six months to remove tartar.
Apply some oil to your roots before putting on the glitter.
Cut two notches in the top hem of the sock.
Use a large brooch to secure the end of a scarf.
Use a potato.
Buy some for the occasion.
Melt the beeswax.
Dry away from sunlight or direct heat.
Turn the bust piece inside-out and place it over the dress body.
Leave it on for 15-20 minutes.
If you have cut out layers, press these together with care.
Secure the bottom with a ponytail holder or ribbon for hair, or simply tie a knot if you are braiding string or yarn.
Although there's not much evidence of long-lasting effect, make a drink out of black cohosh herb.
Shave your legs.
Repeat Step 1 from Method 1.
Brush your hand along the soles of the feet.
Apply the mask all over your face, taking care to avoid the eyes, nose, and mouth.
Measure your wrist to figure out how many bands you need.
Read the New York Times to be in the know.
Choose a neutral-toned blazer and fancy shoes when headed to work.
Scoop everything out of the bowl.
Pair clog-inspired sandals with your favorite summer dresses and skirts.
Wear a blazer or a jacket.
Give yourself a day off.
Use a name brand shoe for resoling; they are durable and well made.
Shine a light on the pearl.
Discover about your surgical options.
Sport a high-waisted bottom of some sort.
Save the outgrown clothes for siblings.
Have them turn over to face down.
Keep your jewelry away from beauty products.
Sew the waistband closed.
Fold the raw edges of the brim and iron.
Dampen your face with warm water.
Apply a berry lipstick for a mature look that’s still natural.
Ask a professional to remove your acrylics.
Bend your left leg over your right leg and plant your foot on the ground.
Make ruffles around the circle.
Put on all of your clothes.
Layer your jumper with a blazer.
Wait to buy trendy items once they go on sale.
Replace the clasp on the cigar box if you want a more decorative or stronger one.
Rinse well and dry.
Continue French braiding until you reach the back of your head.
Stir in some essential oil, if desired.
Make or purchase a suitable pouch.
Choose the right combination of makeup.
Add a silk scarf to make yourself look more put together.
Apply mascara - always black unless blonde/red headed with really fair skin-then try clear or brown.
Add a ½ teaspoon of olive oil to the mixture.
Adjust the position of the slide adjuster by sliding it up or down.
Use a scrub brush to scrub your feet.
Decide on and separate your colors.
Wear different hairstyles every day to look cute and girly.
Blow dry with gentle movement.
Wash your eyelids or skin with an oil-based cleanser.
Lay out your clothing.
Hang the tie up in your bathroom.
Spray it on thread to help you thread a needle.
Additional items may include a beach umbrella, folding chair and beach bag to hold your personal items.
Attach more sets of hooks and eyes if desired.
Choose an oil which you want to apply; coconut, olive, castor, etc.
Put on some lip balm or lip gloss.
Make a homemade toothpaste.
Cover the toothbrush when mobile.
Run the section through the iron like you would with your own hair.
Be kind, but stand your ground.
Look into turmeric supplements.
Prep your hair.
Remove the pen holding attachment, if fitted from the head stock using the spanners provided.
Select the proper products for the deep conditioning of your relaxed hair.
Send pictures to the Quip help site if you still don’t know why it’s not working.
Try an eyebrow gel for a quick, easy application.
Draw on your eyeliner.
Add tissues or paper towels to your shoe.
Trim the hedges.
To complete the look, don't forget that beautiful smile.
Using a clean towel pat-dry your face.
Add in fragrance to your preference.
Smooth out your line with a clean, small angled brush.
Try a TWA or teeny-weeny afro if you have natural or African hair.
Clean the piercing frequently.
Trim the sides of deep cracks.
Wait ten seconds, then use a cotton pad to wipe the oil off with downward strokes.
Take steps to quit if you’re a smoker.
Wear sandals in the summer or during warm weather.
Trust your intuition and listen to your instincts.
Purchase the correct size and style of replacement nose pads.
Smooth out the fabric with your hands.
Split this section into 5 equal strands.
Make a paste out of baking soda to cleanse your skin.
Consider using sea sponges.
Gather the opening.
Use a moisturiser to help seal the nutrients, apply sparsely to prevent clogging of the pores.
Consider a second wash if there is any lingering bleach residue on the clothing.
Close the bottle, and shake it to mix everything together.
Put on your makeup on after you leave if you think they'll be able to tell.
Soak your hand in the bowl for about 15-20 minutes.
Look closely at the pictures.
Blow dry the outside of the boots with a hair dryer on low speed.
Wait before washing it off.
Pour in essential oil and other accents.
After it settles check the smell.
Roll it into a cardboard roller.
Choose a room in your home that is free of activity and noise.
Do not pull or tug on your lashes.
Heat the wax for 10 seconds, then stir it.
Make short, light strokes if you use a dry brush or sponge.
Mix the vinegar and water together in a non-metallic saucepan.
See a doctor if your rash is warm and tender or accompanied by a fever.
Pack according to outfits, categories, or colors to stay organized.
Repeat the process for the right braid.
Enjoy your new tattoo.
Clean your watch.
Always dress for the job you want.
Consider a storage system, especially if you have kids.
Rub a small amount of the salicylic acid cleanser into your skin.
Be kind to others so that you both look and act pretty.
Start by applying a good tinted moisturiser, the same shade as your skin tone, with a clean foundation brush.
Face the fabric pieces right sides together.
Cover your head with the dupatta in a U-turn for an elegant look.
Turn it into a shirt dress.
Shop thrift and consignment shops.
Use an embroidery hoop to hold the fabric taut if the fabric of the backpack will accommodate it.
Replace old insoles.
Forget the excuses.
Continue as from step two above.
Reheat the wax as needed when it starts to congeal.
Get a haircut a couple days to a couple weeks in advance.
Eat a good diet and get regular exercise.
Sew in a zipper that is measurable from the sleeper's ankle footing to the neckline/shoulder.
Wear new shoes around the house to break them in and check for fit.
Use a nail striper or a very fine nail polish brush for the following:.
Accept your period is a natural bodily process.
Pick your eyeliner.
Choose tops that make your bust look bigger.
Gently heat together one packet unflavored gelatin, the juice of one lemon and one orange.
Give them some space.
Make sure your belongings are neat.
Grate 2 tbsp (30 g) of mild bar soap into a plastic container.
Look for face cleaners or super-fatted soaps that have extra amounts of fatty substances or oil such as lanolin, cocoa butter, or coconut oil added.
Apply chapstick to your lips to keep them silky.
Apply blush to the apples of your cheeks.
Keep your feet dry.
Try out the muttonchop.
Lean forward and let your hair fall over your face.
Swirl a little bronzer onto the hollows of your cheeks.
Reverse your hand placement.
Insert the pliers into the ring.
Dust the lightest one onto your whole eyelid, up to your eyebrow- this brightens up your eye.
Slide a dress shirt onto a hanger immediately after you iron it.
Avoid long-term exposure to strong light or heat above 140°F (60°C).
Don't change your skin regime if you get frustrated.
Add mica powder for a glowing bronzer effect.
Taking any alcohol you have (like vodka), mix a little into the eyeshadow to form a paste.
Let the fabric soak in the dye overnight if you want a darker color.
Substitute drinks such as coffee and tea with herbal and green teas.
Cross your legs when you’re sitting down and sit up straight.
Make a liquid liner out of eyeshadow.
Test the waterproofed clothing after using any of these methods.
Let your hair down to see how your bangs fit in.
Go to a professional fitter if you need help.
Most lumber yards (and Lowes) only sell "full" boards, usually 8 feet (2.4 m) long.
Wear the type of socks you'd wear with dress shoes.
Melt the coconut oil in the microwave for 15 or so seconds.
Have good taste in clothing: Be modest in clothing and avoid clothing of bad taste.
Consider what modest dress means in your culture or society.
Dry your boots.
Cleanse your face with unboiled milk.
Continue rotating the Digital Crown.
Understand when and how to use appearance for dating.
Wear a hat.
Comb or brush your hair.
Take out the laces.
Cut out the pattern pieces.
Add 1 teaspoon of grapeseed oil to your bottle of toner.
Learn the numbers for emergency services.
Soak in the tub for up to 10 minutes.
Use cotton balls soaked in cold milk.
Wear suspenders with dress pants for a semi-formal look.
Keep all of your paperwork in protective bags in a safe place.
Sew patches to your jacket to make it more unique.
Wear a fedora.
Pin elastic to the sides of your thong.
For cute everyday makeup, try Almay eyeshadow, the ones that can play up your eye color.
Exercise for better mental and physical health.
Put on sportswear.
Think through what size and shape the sachet will be.
Use a clip or barrette to cover up the hair tie.
Run your fingers through your hair.
Place a high priority on traditional values.
Calculate the size.
Place the cream into a suitable pot for storage.
Find a position of holding the brush that is comfortable for you.
Continue tying forward knots across the other strings using the leftmost string.
Add in another bit of hair.
Dress up with patent leather boots and a suit or a little black dress.
Get a manicure.
Combine the oats and the honey.
Follow the after-care instructions carefully.
Choose your type of massage.
Clean the burn with gentle soap and cover it with a new bandage daily.
Make a simple sugar scrub.
Consult a dermatologist to use hyaluronic acid for healing skin.
Alternatively, you can get a bright coloured eyeliner and line your upper lash line with it and create a flick out with it.
Check yourself for ticks when you’re finished gardening.
Make a brown sugar scrub.
Wear your red shoes with a conservatively sexy ensemble.
Refrigerate and separate the oil one more time.
Add extra pomade on the hair near your face.
Wear a tie for a more professional look.
Iron your pants before hanging them if they have wrinkles.
Use a mild formula or natural methods for sensitive skin.
Choose accessories in muted tones to complement patterns.
Fill the bath with sufficient water for the amount of kids being added at the same time.
Consider an alternative to a loofah.
Create half double French braids for a polished look.
Apply a coat of mascara.
Lay the shirt horizontally with the collar to your left.
Show your friend how improving his/her fashion will be beneficial.
Apply bronzer from the inner crease of each eyelid down the side of your nose.
Apply an ice cube to pores to shrink them.
Combine your ingredients.
Spritz finishing spray on your waves to add some moisture.
Rinse your hair with water after it has dried to remove the juice.
Using a small, soft, flat brush such as a paintbrush or make-up brush, apply the gentian violet to small areas of hair at a time.
Choose whatever colours that you want.
Match the style and color of your top and bodysuit for a subtle look.
Use a water based lubricant or a specialized stretching oil.
Drag the polish toward the free edge of the nail in a thin coat.
Use mayonnaise.
Pre-condition your hair with a deep conditioner.
If your client happens to be wearing any makeup when they come in for their facial, then you must cleanse away the makeup.
Grab windproof BUFF® headwear for your next chilly hiking adventure.
Tend to your lashes.
Maintain proper treatment after the piercing is done.
Adjust the scarf so that the hanging sides are even.
Cut the collar off, then cut a V into the back between the shoulders.
Add the handles.
Turn the tabs over.
Dry.
Soak a cotton pad or ball in the rubbing alcohol or nail polish remover.
Consider how you want to end the braid.
Walk in the shoes before you buy them.
Select the right jewelry.
Apply a few drops of beard oil to the skin.
Use shoe stretching supplies.
Style your hair before applying any glitter to make sure it’s visible.
this is the strictest version the bare laws of Tznius are: 1.you must cover the collar bone 2. you must cover your elbows 3.you must cover the knees 4. some strict people will always cover thier legs, even with sheer stockings, while others are more lenient.
Leave the oil in for at least twenty minutes.
Make a mask for your face.
Go for a suit with buttons and zippers that are easy to use.
Press the Power button.
Trim your chest hair with a hair clippers.
Dab hair dye behind your ear to spot test for an allergy.
Comb and brush your hair.
Finally, turn the whole thing inside out.
Buy boxed color.
Keep a sense of humor about your disability.
Do not buy toners with tough astringents.
Wear linen pants with a polished silk top for a fancy dinner.
Soothe a sunburn.
Follow instructions 1 to 3 as above, but skip step 4 above by not cutting the pin yet.
Purchase a touch-up kit or specific matching hair dye for your hair.
Rub your jewelry one piece at a time.
Trousers with a larger trouser cuffs can be used to your advantage.
Know the benefits of the use of Epsom salt.
Determine the price of the procedure.
Try a flowing dress over close-fitting jeans to look casually dressed-up.
Cleanse and moisture your face daily.
Massage your scalp daily to encourage hair growth.
Apply a little kohl to define the shape of eyes.
Pull your hair into a high ponytail and secure with an elastic band.
Check that the straps do not dig into your shoulders.
Fill the washing machine with hot water.
Decide on the size of your twists.
Wear white booties with a colorful pantsuit for powerful business attire.
Line the soles of your shoes with tape.
Use dry shampoo to lift your roots.
Allow to dry for at least half an hour.
Gather the ingredients.
Snip a "V”-shaped notch in the seam allowance in between the thumb and index finger.
Put the powder in a large bowl.
Style a sleek ponytail.
Groom yourself.
Grow out your facial hair.
Apply brown/black eyeliner to the tight line to give your eyes that "cat like" appearance that school boys love.
Pin and sew the top edges of the bust piece and body together.
Add waves to your hair with a curling wand.
Go to a nice restaurant.
Apply barrier creams.
Apply a yellow-based sheer water-based liquid foundation to areas with discoloration.
Use the dollar bill to help you make your ruler.
Line your lower lash line (if needed) with brown eyeliner for natural soft look.
Put them after you do make-up.
Draw attention to your legs with high heels.
Fold the ends in by 0.25 in (0.64 cm) to hide the raw edges.
Draw lines or dots with hot glue if you are in a hurry.
Replace butter with shea butter when cooking.
Keep adding in strips of hair until you reach the lower middle section of the head.
Mix the oatmeal and lavender or rose petals together in a small bowl.
Look into facial hair transplants as a final option.
Criss-cross the top corners of the wrap in front of your neck.
Avoid abrasive clothing-on-skin contact.
Incorporate musky or “warm” scents for an alluring smell.
Firstly, run a warm bath according to your preferred temperature.
Wear clothes that fit.
Bring 1 long edge in about 1 to 2 inches (2.5 to 5.1 cm).
Develop self-confidence.
Use the scissor tips to cut the center of the bang.
Press the excess water out of sweaters you’ve washed by hand.
Check Ebay for used snowsuits.
Pin the straps in the front.
Moisturize and exfoliate your skin.
Cut shapes using cookie cutters.
Apply foundation if necessary.
Secure your poof with bobby pins.
Let your body hair grow out.
Keep your house clean and neat.
Make your eyelashes glitter.
Comb your fingers through your hair to loosen the curls.
Put the silk into the dye bath and let it soak overnight.
Ask to get a scratch-resistant coating on your lenses.
Consider butt-augmentation surgery.
Trace the pattern pieces onto the fabric and cut them out.
Now take 1b and make a 'p' shape, or a backward four,across 2b.
Don’t use nontraditional removers that clog pores.
Polish your shoes, jewelry (rings/big beads or gems only), cutlery, and instruments - such as piano keys, trumpets, recorders, and guitars.
Brush the color over your eyebrows.
Warm up gently.
Try massaging your lips.
Avoid exposure to irritants.
Get some sunlight.
Release the curl and hold it in your hand for 5 seconds.
Hand-stitch the straps to the inside of the dress.
Fold the resulting strip in half length ways again.
Get everything you will need and have it on hand.
Wear a belt around your waist.
Start with a base coat to protect your nails.
Do this to both the lining and the outer bag.
Press the powder into the pan with a spoon.
Part your hair where your ear meets your head.
Be specific.
Remove the excess dried henna flakes with a mild soap and water solution.
Continue this pattern, always passing a small piece from the outside of one section to the inside of the other section, alternating right and left.
Drink!.
Create an easy-to-remember shorthand.
Purchase a variety of moisturizing products if your hair is high porosity.
Oil your ends a little bit more.
Care for your skin.
Trim and shape your eyebrows.
Wear tall boots to accentuate your legs and dress up your look.
Remove the cotton pad, wiping the petroleum jelly (and lipstick) off your lips.
Throw a jacket over your sheer dress to make it less revealing.
Consider using the traditional method.
Straighten your hair completely.
Cut the ring off your finger with a ring cutter.
Keep the first category, think seriously about the second category, and think about consigning the third category.
Try a cold compress after waxing.
Take your work clothes off when you get home.
Control your hair.
Compare photos of the jeans with the actual jeans themselves.
Take an oatmeal bath.
Your body is important.
Keep the skin taut.
Go for a body shaping treatment.
Next, after you apply foundation, use a mix of blush and bronzer 2 shades darker than your skin and blend it along the part of your cheekbone above the apples of your cheek.
Stir until it forms a thick paste.
Use a squeegee or microfiber towel to clean stone sinks and showers.
Choose a bandana.
Leave the beard oil to rest for at least a day.
Make your nose look smaller.
Ask your hairdresser’s opinion.
Use ring opening pliers to pry open one side of the CBR.
Invest in wooden hangers.
Smize with confidence.
Try a white art eraser for another convenient option.
Try a little acid.
Don’t wear petroleum jelly on your eyelashes all the time.
Insert the stretcher into your shoe.
Trim the side seams, if needed.
Highlight your cheek bones and brow bones to give you a healthy glow.
If doing it yourself, make sure to have good mirrors and lighting.
Apply a thin layer to the face and neck areas.
Choose jeans with added Lycra for more stretch.
Buff your nails to wipe off the sunscreen and finish prepping your nails.
Make a knot before cutting off the string.
Include some “superfoods.” Several so-called superfoods are great at keeping you full, reducing bloat, and trimming your waistline.
Take your knife and cut the white away from the ball in two separate sections.
Work the mixture into the rest of your hair.
Sling a fashionable bag over your shoulder.
Choose a tape that will be less noticeable on your skin.
Use eye drops to relieve dry eyes and redness.
Wrap the hair tie around the base of the ponytail.
Sort the clothes.
Roll the bundle up from the top.
Use a pale pink, or clear lip gloss and apply to lips.
Wear a bit of makeup.
Transfer the scrub cubes into a freezer-safe container.
Comb your hair.
If you have space in your bag, you can add in an extra pair of pants as well, in case your period is exceptionally heavy and your pad/tampon leaks.
Soak a handful of soap nuts (about 8-10 for medium-length hair) in about 300 ml of water overnight.
Hide tampons inside an old, empty lipstick tube.
Visit a Vera Bradley store or outlet.
Add the serum as part of a skincare anti-aging routine.
Know your budget.
Speak out against social comparisons among peers.
Tuck a half-inch of fabric into the opening and stitch it together by hand.
Cut the cuff off the sock.
Spray oil onto your hair as a daily leave-in treatment.
Cut off the white or curled edges at the bottom of the scarf, while the length is still folded in half.
Get a good haircut to avoid troublesome morning hair.
Consider adding 10 to 20 drops of your favorite essential oil for additional fragrance.
Clean your face.
Catch up on your favorite TV shows.
Apply a deep or rich pink lipstick to enhance the curvature of your lips.
Keep your Toms dry by wearing them when the weather is nice.
Wash your hair with your normal shampoo and rinse it thoroughly.
Shop more.
Wrap 5 to 10 rubber bands around your item to keep it twisted.
Comb the spoolie through your lashes like you would with mascara.
Restring your pearls.
Congratulate yourself!.
Join a nudist group or colony.
Remove the laces from your shoes and put them in a sock.
Use cocoa butter to help reduce stretch marks.
Fold the elastic into the lining.
Hold the bottom of the soap loosely in your nondominant hand.
Use clean water and a toothbrush to scrub.
Loop your index finger under the right section of your right braid.
Gather your ingredients.
Cut around the pajama pants, leaving room for the seam allowances.
Don't over-iron your hair.
Start doing things you've put off.
Combine beeswax, coconut oil, and cocoa butter for lip balm.
Apply black eyeliner to your waterline.
Read books on nail art.
Identify overweight athletes who exercise to stay healthy.
Ask a friend to help you.
Apply 1 coat of smudge repair polish to your smudged nail.
Round up your ingredients.
Slide your phone into the case and use it.
Use positive self talk.
Keep your tattoo moisturized with lotion when your skin dries out.
Streamline your shopping.
Apply a juicy lip gloss and you're ready to go!.
Pick a hoodie with long sleeves if you want to be able to roll them up.
Do not use Vaseline as an acne or rosacea cure.
Do a base layer of foundation, and cover up any spots with concealer.
Cut your paper for weaving.
Find places for small things.
Creep your friends out with a pencil 'stache.
Try pastels for gray or white hair.
Don't hit the cap against the counter.
Bring the Right from the center to the right and fold to the front.
Assemble your bracelet weaving necessities.
Comb your bangs forward.
Secure the braid over the top of your head like a headband.
Take care of your hygiene.
Check to make sure your clothing isn't obstructing the air flow.
Re-pierce your body after the area has healed.
Evaluate the fund's performance report once a year.
Wipe away excess cream evenly and let the shoe dry.
Use light, slightly fluffy lashes if you have monolids.
Look for opportunities to re-work the clothes you already own.
Cut three equal lengths of yarn.
Continue forming your hair up the hairline.
Pull on the other side while holding the first fold in the center.
Visit your doctor if over-the-counter shampoos don’t work.
See a doctor if you display any symptoms of Toxic Shock Syndrome.
Seek out thermal socks.
Find a suitable tank top and pillowcase.
Create a peaceful environment in your bedroom.
Shorten the straps of the dress to pull the neckline higher.
Reseal what you don't use for later use.
Brush the person's hair.
Boil some water and add some of the rosemary leaves.
Add some padding.
Choose colors based on the dominant colors in your wardrobe.
Follow a skincare routine.
Go through your closet and pick 30-50 of your favorite clothing items.
Realize that the rate of growth and thickness of your beard will depend largely on genetics.
Straighten your hair.
Wash your bras in a lingerie bag to maintain their shape.
Add to your hips with ruffles.
Measure the width of your lashes.
Repeat the process to cut the back half of the pants.
Once the bumpit is firmly placed on the part line, place the hair down on the bumpit.
Apply the mixture evenly to your hair, make sure to get the scalp.
Check that the band doesn't ride up your back or dig into your sides.
Consider how to defend yourself if you are ever physically assaulted.
Prepare a salt scrub.
Avoid exposing your garment to heat.
Try an upside down braid for a twist.
Dab the sachet gently across your face.
Use a tampon that matches your flow.
Size the lashes.
Eat antioxidant-rich foods to protect your skin's collagen.
Pour your mixture into a 3 oz (120 g) or larger storage container.
Get 3-5 hours of aerobic workouts in each week.
Buy versatile clothing.
Use a comb to part your hair down the middle.
Accentuate your waist with a belt.
Go shopping with someone you trust to tell you the truth, and has a good sense of style, but remember to buy what YOU like.
Hold your tweezers so they're open.
Split the section into 3 equal strands.
Consult your stylist for advice.
Eat cheese: Make a slice or two of hard cheese a part of your diet.
Take vitamin B12, B7, and E supplements to encourage growth.
Always smell good!.
Wet your bangs.
When opening a jump ring, do not pull the ends apart directly away from each other (such that they are still in the same plane); this weakens the ring.
Get 400 to 800 IU (10 to 20 mcg) of vitamin D every day.
Secure the top knot with hair pins, if needed.
Do a cold relief steam.
Go to a dermatologist.
Bobby pin the braid with two pins in a "X".
Wear gloves when applying henna to your skin or hair.
Get a nice, sturdy duffle bag.
Put a brown cream shadow onto crease of the eye, along with lightly underneath: blend well.
Don't over-accessorize.
Slide the bottom of a clothes hanger in between the legs of your pants.
Go for a basic perm if you want to frame your face.
Proceed with regular skincare regime.
Take it off if you experience problems.
Keep a constant watch on the kids in the bath.
Leave the shoe overnight so the powder draws up the oil.
Add a tie tack to your look as a conversation piece.
Wait for 30 minutes and wash out the visible relaxer with only water.
Gather the equipment.
Utilize style trends while determining the best ring.
Seal the bead with clear varnish.
Remove your makeup every night.
Time your shampoo cycle.
Brush before you get too tired.
Select boots made of a sturdy material.
Create your tie dye pattern by gathering and twisting sections of your suit.
Consider color.
Hair Color.
Learn the makeup brands.
One by one, check all the strips.
Align the triangle with the cut on the other sleeve and use it as a guide.
Be kind to others to show you’re a nice person.
Put on a blue button-down for a nice contrast.
Use a sulfate-free shampoo and cold water when you do wash your hair.
When you're a teen, you're growing tons.
Install a wall mounted toothbrush holder.
Select the style.
Talk to former or current students to ask for their impressions of the school's program and their experiences with instructors.
After washing your hair and drying it with a towel, make some observations about your hair.
Tie off one side of the hair to keep it out of the way.
Try a self-adjusting primer.
Change up your style.
Add 1 tablespoon of skin safe fragrance oil.
Wear conservative clothing.
Wear an underbodice for more coverage.
With the cloth you now need to get it on your finger so that there is no creases.
Tousle long hair to create beach waves.
Tug on the sides of the shoulder holes to stretch them slightly.
Get a small bag or purse.
Buff the compound with a sheet of high-grit sandpaper.
Wear a huge pair of sunglasses that reaches your lower forehead.
Finish off the waist seam.
Consider removing certain parts of your pubic hair.
Make sure your hair is working for you.
Dry your moccasins out properly when they get wet.
Twist your hair and secure it in place.
Write a list of the basic items you need for your summer wardrobe.
Do not scratch the skin under your nose.
Take care of your teeth.
Quickly assess the situation to see if it's possible to get yourself out of harm's way.
Continue adding strands and crossing over sections.
Keep your opal close to heart by wearing it as a pendant.
Go thrift shopping for retro themes.
Rub your fingers together to warm them up.
Dress in something that reflects you, but is appropriate.
Hunt for end-of-season deals.
Weave strand B through the other strands.
Make sure you look clean and polished.
Use a sheer sleeved dress over a dress in the winter.
Bring your apron’s strings together in the back.
Check out your hair.
Date a watch made in the 1940s.
Use your paper towels and dry the rubber thoroughly.
Set the machine to a gentle setting.
Sew the fabric together with right sides facing.
Create a winged cat-eye.
Use a cedar shoe tree if possible.
Clean off massage oil with nail polish remover in the cotton pad.
Try an emery board and steamer.
Feel it.
Don’t wear white to a wedding, unless you are the bride or the groom.
Let the salesperson help you try on the dresses.
Brush your teeth for 2 minutes twice a day.
Put on a hat if you are on the short side.
Choose a layered style with highlights to cut down on salon time.
Part your hair into three sections.
Create a solid V. Fold the outside strips, strip one and four, inward so each is parallel to strips two and three.
Use brown or black eyeliner under the tip of your nose.
Use almond oil to moisturize once you get out of the bath.
Apply SPF 30 sunscreen on your tattoo when you’re outside.
Work your hair into a stiff shape.
Use a flexible measuring tape to measure around your torso, just under the breasts and under the arms.
Rub the castor oil into your skin.
Get enough sleep.
Add magnesium and zinc to your diet.
Layer a fitted white dress shirt underneath to add interest.
Keep away from heat!.
Watch your favorite feel-good movie.
Rinse the shaved area with cool water.
Invest in some casual, comfortable shoes.
Boil the liquid for 1 to 2 minutes over medium-high heat.
Select a product that’s safe for velvet.
Assess your shape and the fit of your underwear.
Buy a high-quality eyeliner.
Eat salmon and tuna: These are two powerhouse fish.
Get into a routine.
Leave it flatten.
Place unused teacups in the drawer to hold bracelets.
Stick with neutral colors when applying eye shadow.
Untangle your hair with a brush or comb.
Avoid wearing tight clothing after shaving body hair.
Do not put them in the dryer.
Lighten your blue hair with Vitamin C tablets.
Wear your white T-shirt under your fashionable jackets and sweaters.
Smooth the bag as flat as possible around your hand.
Spray with hairspray so it will be able to stay in place all day.
Leave an inch and a half more than the mark and cut the rest off.
Consider supplements.
Take the time to apply make up.
Enjoy your smooth, soft, acne-free skin!.
Twist and secure each braid.
Prep the eye area with an eyelid primer.
Add 2 tablespoons (30 milliliters) of witch hazel.
Be well groomed.
Go for a bold ombre that starts at chin-length layers for a playful look.
Continue Dutch braiding until you run out of hair.
Spray your whole head with hairspray.
To truly look like Rosie the Riveter, add a vintage bandana just behind your front roll.
Once your hair is slightly damp, separate it into your preferred parting (side parting/centre parting) and separate your hair into two sections on either side of your head like piggy tails.
Softly line the top lid with the brown shadow, using an angled brush.
See how it looks.
If hair is very tangled use an untangling spray made for the child's hair.
Eat oysters.
Find out what type of laser will be used.
Give yourself sideswept bangs.
Be sure to wash your hands and apply a hand cream or nail oil.
Invest in a pair of prescription sunglasses if you are a glasses-wearer.
Try to clean yourself well and adjust the shower schedule to fit your needs.
Include panty liners.
Consider what you need to carry in your handbag every day.
Fill up your container halfway with sea salt.
Make your own hair masks.
Trim and file.
Wash your hair regularly.
Stop using color-safe products.
Be kind because it draws people to you.
Keep heat off of your hair!.
Keep your accessories simple and sleek.
Break in the shoes.
Roll the hem of your jeans to create a cropped style.
Consider colored contact lenses if you want a dramatic change.
Rub the bottom of your foot from the heel to toes.
Dab spots of your new perfume over your skin.
Add in 4 to 6 drops of essential oil, if desired.
Use the CLENZlderm M.D.
Put on a pair of thick socks for a tighter fit all around.
Opt for a product designed to remove sticky residue if it still won't come off.
Add vitamin C. This is an easy way to add nutrients to your mixture.
See a laser hair-removal specialist for a consultation.
Done!.
Apply aftershave to freshly shaven areas.
Pinch the 2 sides of the sash together, instead of knotting the ends.
Pair black wedge boots with a light-wash denim miniskirt.
Narrow down the list.
If you are married, you may be covering your hair.
Keep your hair out of your face.
Get highlights.
Check on your donation center’s rules.
Roll the bottom layer of your hair.
Spritz any wrinkles on the item with a spray bottle of water.
Wear classic pieces.
Sew all the way around the armhole.
Open the Watch app on your iPhone.
Add the cleaner.
Place a plastic sandwich bag over the letters.
Make a mental note every time you put down an important object.
Wait 15-20 minutes.
Make sure to moisturise your feet regularly to provide more comfort and an easy insertion no matter the type of shoes you choose to wear.
Repeat steps 3, 4 and 5 until the braid stops about three to four inches (7.5-10cm) from the bottom.
Use a plain egg to condition your hair.
Black is something classic beauties always wear, but try to accentuate the simplicity of it with accessories of a single other color such as red, white, or green.
Be comfortable in some stretchy basics.
Paint the nails as usual.
Attach the elastic to the waistband.
Lightly apply a golden-based concealer on red, discolored, or dark spots on face.
Gather supplies.
Dry your blade thoroughly.
Take a section of your hair and clip it up.
Mix in the charcoal.
Put the toothbrush holder in the dishwasher.
Unknot the tie.
Teach your child to put away their own clothing.
Pay attention to your diet.
Make your outfit more cozy with a soft sweater.
Make sure shoes are at least ⁄8 in (0.95 cm) longer than your big toe.
Carefully pour the mixture into a dark glass storage bottle and screw on the lid.
Avoid touching your purse after you’ve used hand lotion.
Cross the left stem over the middle stem.
Allow the ingredients to melt, then remove them from heat.
Relax with your choices in social settings.
Sew or glue the felt circle onto a brooch pin.
Create the web.
Use a clarifying shampoo.
Wrap your curled hair in a scarf.
Wear them for a game.
Wash your hair or keep it out of your face.
In a small saucepan, mix together the olive oil, coconut oil, and the beeswax and heat it on low, stirring occasionally.
Hire a tailor for a customized fit.
Organize your house.
Recognize an infection.
Heat your jade roller at 105 to 110 °F (41 to 43 °C) in your oven for powerful drying.
Use natural products.
Eliminate anything from your 'to-do' list that will not help you to get to where you want within the next month, year or five years.
Buy a mild moisturizing cream to go with it.
Protect your polish.
Start with face-up chest, their arm down to side.
Iron-on the label.
Take care with weekend wear.
Put your hair up overnight.
Dye the bottom half of your eyebrow closest to your eyes first.
Use clips to separate sections of hair.
Wear a sweater over your checked shirt in cooler weather to stay warm.
Scrape out your pigment into the container.
Check the Lace and Eyelets.
Pair a fitted long coat with dress trousers and loafers for any formal occasion.
Get your cheer shoes.
Select a pair of premade earrings that match your earring hooks.
Get a cup designed for a heavy flow if you're leaking.
Move you hand up between her breasts and feel for the clasp in the center of the bra.
Aim to have a matte face.
Avoid poisonous or harmful trees.
Soak in the tub.
Dip a cotton swab in eye-makeup remover, and trace it along your lids to erase any mistakes when there's no time to redo your whole look.
Pin back the rest of your hair.
Throw on a scarf to give your ensemble a dash of elegance.
Apply mascara before and after curling.
Wear sweatpants for an ultra casual style.
Sweep the hair with your hand, until you find the height you would like your ponytail to be.
Put items back in their logical place.
Wear a hat if you're going to spend a lot of time in the sun.
Rinse your scraper after each pass to get rid of the debris.
Choose a timeless style.
Try sneakers and a suit.
Find stores that are less expensive.
Wash your face with bottled water.
Be vigilant when purchasing abroad.
Meet the minimum requirements.
Exfoliate your lips to remove dry skin.
Dry your twists before styling.
Apply the Nair.
Get regular trims.
Make sure secret pocket seam allowance line with edge of seams.
Keep your wand when you’re ready to throw out your mascara.
Apply sunscreen 20 minutes before playing.
Wrap and pin the corner around your wrist.
Do not enter the scalding hot water.
Draw with a bleach pen if you want to create designs.
Get out a paper and pencil.
Gently run the cloth across the surface of the jewelry.
Treat acne promptly to prevent scarring.
Experiment with eye shadow shades.
Apply the cosmetics.
Be creative with this hairstyle.
Wipe away any extra wax with a cleansing wipe.
Wrap a fabric measure tape tightly around your bicep.
Strain the liquid into a jug.
Test them out before buying to make sure they suit your needs.
Create a relaxing environment.
Clean Hair is critical.
Lay the shirt flat.
Then, start with planning:.
Limit and address stressors.
Get rid of deodorant stains on clothes with baking soda and vinegar.
Look your best for school.
Cut cardboard panels 1/2" (1.27cm) larger than the length and height of your eReader.
Get a facial.
Apply Minoxidil (aka Rogaine) to your facial hair.
Repeat with the other child.
Put some scented lotion on your legs.
Keep a good diet.
Apply a lip gloss or sheer lipstick.
Use clips to add security and a finishing touch to your style.
Test the pH of your toothpaste.
Check for bleeding or swelling.
Pull the leggings on like you would pull on pantyhose.
Avoid brushing or touching your curled hair.
Wear lace-up boots for a statement outfit.
Try oil pulling.
Pair your outfit with a splash of color.
Apply it before bed or wear it in place of mascara.
Treat deep wrinkles with fillers.
Tie back all hair, and clip back the loose ends, so you don't get sour cream in it.
Try the stellar space ace style.
Use your dotting tool to create two ears with the black nail polish.
Take laces out.
Keeping these things in mind, read through the list of Revlon's liquid foundations and find the one closest to your goals:.
Consider a classic pixie if you want something more edgy.
Know how to complete a reining pattern.
Brush forward the section of hair you want to use to create your bangs.
Visit your doctor if you have widespread or excessive stretch marks.
Separate and clip a section of hair on each side of your face.
Listen to your friends.
Package the pelts in a ventilated container if you’re shipping the furs.
Put in odor-control insoles.
Step into the sarong.
Begin with a standard braid.
Draw your pattern on the leather piece.
Test the olive oil.
Fold the sarong across your tummy towards your left hip.
Chain knot your scarf.
Tell your doctor about any allergies you have.
Select "Generate" to create your paper wallet(s).
Begin the braid.
Pair your opal with positive affirmations to center your life.
Remove goals once you've accomplished them.
Rub the oil into your hair from root to tip.
Avoid chemicals, heat, and high manipulation.
Grab the middle of the paracord to fold it in half.
Place the soaked rice water in a container.
Stick to a neutral palette for a clean look.
Run a humidifier at home.
Tap Wireless PowerShare.
Give your eyes a light, shimmery shadow.
Unclip the front section you created for your faux bang roll.
Rub your hands across your scalp.
Be confident and friendly.
Wearing or carrying things with offensive slogans or images isn't recommended.
Change your attitude.
Be okay with change.
Lean on family and friends.
Wipe with a sponge.
Read.
Twist the hair back on itself to form a loop.
Massage your brows once a day for a couple of minutes.
Shake it out.
Twist the loop and pull the tails through it.
Stick the earring findings inside the cupcakes' centers.
Short sleeved shirts.
Consider painting the bottle caps a different color.
Twist your ponytails into rope braids.
Scent your hair mask.
Using a ruler, measure 3–4 inches (7.6–10.2 cm) below the mark you made at the inseam.
Smear the gel across the roots of your lashes.
Use less conditioner.
Use mood lighting.
Experiment with a honey mask for sensitive skin.
Use a face mask if you need a good clean or your skin is feeling a bit down in the dumps.
Secure the bun to the top of the wig.
Apply the mask to your scalp and let it sit.
Trace a dog on a piece of red fabric; cut out the pattern.
Stay out of the sun during the brightest hours from 10 am to 2 pm.
Chop a whole orange or lemon into wedges.
Don't fall for imitation pearls sold with exotic names.
After each application, whether it be your first full set of lashes or a refill, avoid getting your lashes wet for at least 48hrs.
Try ketchup for a unique way to shine your brass jewelry.
Pour the liquid sunscreen into a dark glass jar with a lid.
Loosen your braid to cover the clip.
Style your hair while it’s damp to enhance your curls.
Cleanse the Skin: With your pores now open, gently apply the Alpha Mane Green Tea Facial Cleanser in circular motions in an upward direction.
Spray on hair.
Let the satin do the glamour for you.
Make sure that your iPhone's Bluetooth is enabled.
Buff the gel nail where it meets the natural nail.
Fill the bottle with water.
Use milk and gelatin.
Try eating a fruit-and-vegetable rich diet.
Fold the handkerchief in half.
If you're going to shop online, don't go to ANY site that isn't the actual manufacturer's site.
Choose statement jewelry.
Do your nails if you like.
Fold in the  tight side towards the center, creating an angled crease along the length of your leg.
Tack down the end of the rickrack to hide the raw edge.
Eat vitamin-rich foods.
Cut the Pellon to 8” x 18.”  The Pellon will line the inside of the bag, provide sturdiness and an area to hold a plastic bag.
Take any medications your doctor prescribes.
Check for compatibility with your mobile phone.
Tie them together using a knot or a bow.
Eat more beta-carotenes.
Find out what works best for you.
Apply foundation.
Go to a higher end department store.
Use a soft brush to wipe off any visible dirt from the outside of the shoes.
Buy tattoo flash art.
Store the tie properly.
Refer to your calendar frequently.
Be active.
Prepare your skin.
If you have a distinct feature you might try doing something that you usually don't, so you won't be noticed.
Peel the stencil or design off of the shirt.
Add to your small container.
Turn the jewelry over and clean the metal finish with your cotton swab.
Apply the same colour to beneath your eyes.
Hang out with friends and family.
Accept that you're beautiful the way you are.
Choose comfortable shoes.
Wait at least 8 weeks between relaxing sessions, if you relax your hair.
Digitize any information that you can to avoid carrying it with you.
Use a belt if shorts feel as if to fall down.
Make sure the cups don’t wrinkle or have gaps at the top.
Start getting ready early.
Wear a pocket watch with khakis or jeans.
Leave in a warm place for one month.
Maintain a positive attitude toward your teammates and competitors.
Pick styles you naturally gravitate towards.
Continue gluing and wrapping strips of paper to the bracelet.
Put hair in braids before bed.
Make or alter your clothes.
Most likely, you will be wearing skirts.
Recognize true beauty.
See a doctor if the infection spreads or if there is an abscess.
Wash out a 1 fluid ounce (30 mL) glass bottle.
Make a loop into your right side wire.
Talk to your primary care provider.
Confide in a trusted friend.
Identify key 1920s elements.
Wear hats to cover up the hair.
Get pedicures on a regular basis.
Use a silk or satin pillowcase instead of cotton.
Allow the washer to run normally.
Sew your lining together.
Cover the stain with talcum powder.
Deodorize your feet with an Epsom salt and baking soda soak.
Clean your espadrilles with detergent and water.
Carry a small bag.
Cut a notch into the center of each piece of cardboard.
String each strand around your shoe and then cut it so it will not be so loose that it can snag and trip you.
Inquire about experience and credentials.
Determine the kind of ring you want.
Try sclerotherapy.
You may want to check an article on organizing a purse.
Spray a neon color into your hair.
Buy an attractive portfolio folder.
Loop your thumb under the left sections of each braid.
Try going no-poo.
Distress your shorts.
Top your outfit with a flannel and canvas jacket to keep a rugged look.
Replace spray bottle cap/nozzle, give it a light shake and use.
Avoid touching your face during the day.
Protect hair at night.
Protect your hair at night.
Add sheer black tights to keep your legs warm in chilly weather.
Poke a hole in the vitamin E and squeeze it in as well as the lavender oil.
Take the cardboard part out of the Vera Bradley bag.
Wear cologne or perfume but don't cover yourself with it.
Start rolling the hair using your finger.
Try not to let people borrow your shoes.
Purchase the special string required for the tzitzit.
Begin the right knots.
Do a relaxation exercise before you go on camera so you aren’t nervous.
Lay out a towel for you to sit on while you wax.
After that straight away put on a face mask or wikihow on how to make your own if you don't have any store bought ones.
Use a straight edge or yardstick to connect the 2 measurements on each side of the length of fabric.
Create a casual outfit by wearing jeans with your sheer dress.
See a doctor if you notice signs of infection that last several days.
Stand your calendar pages upright in the channel.
Pleat the fabric as you wrap it around your head.
Drape another bandana over the knot if you want a more dramatic look.
Put the scarf at back of your neck.
Put the sealed bag in the trash can.
Peel off the stencil.
Oil your hair with coconut oil or extra virgin olive oil.
Keep in mind your environment as well as your plans.
Use deodorant or antiperspirant, and if you want to, perfume, even if you think you don't smell.
Use a wide-toothed comb in the shower.
If you're reading this article, then you probably have Internet access, visit http://www.teenvogue.com/, the ultimate magazine and website for stylish teens.
Finish your eyes with black mascara, if desired.
Make sure you brush your teeth every morning and night, and that you floss at night.
Apply the glass etching abrasive to the lenses with a cloth or a cotton ball.
Try an app.
Prepare your dye.
Give them a heads up about what you’re doing.
Keep a small hairbrush and mirror if desired.
Be self-assured in who you are and what you do.
Add a statement necklace or pair of earrings to your outfit.
Comb your hair into sections.
Utilize blazers and sweaters by wearing them unbuttoned.
Review your medical history.
Choose bikini briefs for everyday.
Get medical care if you have a severe reaction to a natural remedy.
Have weapons at your disposal.
Remove dandruff, hair & lint regularly.
Soak the clothes in this solution for several hours or overnight.
Know that exercise can be anything from going on the trampoline to walking your dog.
Smooth the mixture all over your hair.
Towel-dry hair gently.
Make an appointment with a reputable tailor.
Now add some more effects, as in last step add different effects to each image.
Do not change your natural hair color too much.
Practice stress management.
Keep fingers away from your hair.
If you have light-colored skin, take an orange mineral foundation and apply to small blemishes.
Put your cream or milk at the front of your fridge.
Wear simple pieces and make them hot.
Wear a top with underwire if you have a larger bust.
Wear a trendy hat for something quick and easy.
Wear boots for business.
Untangle the wig with a comb or your fingers.
Rub in a deep conditioner before working out.
Apply a black mascara to your eyelashes, and you can curl them if you feel it's necessary.
Take care of your skin to possibly reduce the likelihood of getting milia.
Finish off with a braid, flipped ponytail, or tucked bun.
Apply the lipstick.
See your piercer as soon as you can.
Find a stencil.
Scoop a dollop of product up in your hand and work it into your hair by hand.
Use foam or silicone inserts inserts to enhance your natural chest.
Simplify your makeup routine.
Complete your outfit with cute accessories that keep you warm.
Shower daily.
Sleep on your back to cut down on wrinkles.
Wear long waves.
Buy nursing bras that provide support under the breast while the nursing flaps are open.
Blend highlighter on your cheekbones, forehead, and under your nose.
Rub the area you want to fade with sandpaper or pumice stone.
Set your hair with rollers to relax curl or straighten hair.
Give your outfit a street-style edge with a bomber or leather jacket.
Always maintain good hygiene.
If you expanded three to five, are there redundancies in what is expected?.
Soften your look with a sweater.
Try a topical hair remover to be hair-free for 1-2 weeks.
Flat-twist your hair.
Know your hair type.
Rinse out the spray bottle.
Use make-up only if you want to.
Be sure to clean your bedroom and house often!.
Rinse your face with the water still in the sink (use a face cloth or your hands).
The mixture of water and antibacterial liquid may demoisturize your skin, so apply moisturizer after sponging.
Let your shoes air dry completely for 2-3 hours.
Get a cobbler to machine-stretch shoes for you.
Find a wide container.
Mix it with dried curry leaves, neem leaves and hibiscus flowers.
Use a soft-bristled toothbrush to reach detailed, intricate areas.
Brush clean your suede dress shoes.
Add final touches.
Wrap an old towel around your shoulders.
Spritz the bag with a deodorizing spray for a quick approach.
Edge the water line of your eye for a traditional look.
For 48hrs after your application, you should also avoid steam.
Use a rounded brush to apply the darker color of eyeshadow.
Find a vest that is a complementary color.
Start drawing your design onto your shoes.
Wear what makes you feel good.
Begin with a fade or undercut.
Don't touch.
Seek medical approval for treatments if you're pregnant or breastfeeding.
Apply make-up.
Eat your greens.
Waterproof flip flops or sneakers should be worn at all times.
Close the hook and pull it back through the cornrow.
Stretch your wardrobe.
Try a bandana or fabric headband to make your forehead look smaller.
Rub in the leather conditioner deep into the jacket with firm strokes of the towel for the best results.
Go to the space between the thumb and the index finger.
Get rid of minor scuff marks with a standard suede brush.
Lay the three leather pieces side by side.
Stay hydrated with water instead of sugary drinks.
Decide upon the color of your ruffle.
Choose a frame for your haircut.
Select essential oils for aromatherapy.
Add flaxseed gel to damp hair for soft curls with bounce.
Follow the directions precisely.
When the therapist arrives, tell her about your preferences, in terms of background music, pressure, technique, aromatherapy oils, and anything else that you know would make the session more enjoyable and relaxing for you.
Secure the end of your wrapped ponytail with another elastic.
Find some nice smelling flowers.
Choose stainless steel, rhodium, yellow gold, or white gold rings.
Slip on a belt.
Use over-the-counter products.
Brush and style your hair every day.
Start your first knot.
Put a light or shimmer shade in the inner corners to brighten your eyes.
Try a potato peel rinse.
Add the salt and oils to a glass bottle.
Cover your hair and allow the mask to sit for 20 minutes.
Remove links to make the band smaller.
Put a turtleneck on under a collared shirt and fancy suit for a snazzy option.
Wear coordinating stones or lacquered jewelry.
Allow your hair to air-dry or use a diffuser.
Take down your curls.
Avoid a variety of foods.
Observe the employees’ interactions with each other.
Store your watches face up.
Look for a knee-length skirt in a wool or cotton blend.
Pop on a blazer or a cardigan to loosen up.
Mix 2 packets of Kool-Aid with 2 cups (470 ml) of water in a saucepan.
Head off to the mall.
Did you see a wonderful haircut in a magazine and decide to get exactly the same one?.
Allow your hair to air-dry (preferably in the sun).
Do a hand-made exfoliation:.
Be confident and secure in yourself and your body.
Do not lick your lips.
Use concealer to cover imperfections.
Continue rubbing until the beetroot stain comes off.
Know that it takes 6-10 appointments to fully remove hair.
Heat a towel with a hair dryer or clothes dryer.
Rub a dime-size amount of styling product between your hands.
Walk Fabulous.
Style clogs with hardware accents with modern pieces.
If you want a shinier look, apply a clear or sparkly lip gloss over the top of your lipstick.
Wear socks that you will wear with your shoes to try them on.
Wrap a small section of hair around the barrel.
Turn on the shower and lather up.
Twist your ponytail into a bun.
Take good care of yourself.
Combine the water and juices in a spray bottle.
Look at your piercing.
Consider applying toner and moisturizer.
Learn everything you can about the public transportation system.
Do that two to five times depending on condition of your boot.
Assemble the items needed to complete this project.
Choose a reputable shoe retailer and good shoe brands.
Use small balloons instead of ribbon or fabric for a bright colourful look.
Open a large plastic storage bag and place the jacket or pants package inside.
Sleep on satin.
Shed sweaty clothes to prevent back breakouts.
Decorate your container if desired to make it look like one of your make-up products.
Add the oatmeal and a tablespoon of natural honey.
Posture.
Design.
Keep trying to find a therapist.
Scrub gently.
Go simple for active lifestyles.
Avoid chunky or oversized sneakers.
Avoid using hair removal creams and perms.
Select a piece of fur or fur glove by the type of feel that you'll both enjoy.
Clean the cloth you are using every so often.
Clean your feet with a pumice stone on a daily basis.
Transfer to a container and store in the refrigerator.
Keep odor in check while wearing your shoes.
Quit smoking.
Stay away from certain types of nail polish remover.
Treat them with respect and pay their top dollar fee.
Put the shirt on while it’s still damp.
Make a mouthwash with tea tree and peppermint essential oils.
Harvest a leaf off of the plant.
Wait at least 3 days to wash newly permed hair, or your perm would not last as long.
Tease the crown of your head.
Twist the folded end over itself, forming an "8.".
Roll each piece of felt into a tight tube.
Avoid storing your shoes near a heat source.
Apply this paste evenly on the face avoiding the area around the eyes.
Avoid scratching or rubbing the area.
If you're in a school that requires a uniform, jazz up your uniform.
If you applied liquid foundation, set it with a silky finishing powder.
Wash pantyhose after each wear.
Pick out a range of brands and styles to take into the dressing room.
Let your hair air dry.
Consider mixing the gel with a natural preservative.
Add a squeeze of lemon if you have it on hand.
Stuff the toes of your heels.
Let the dreads dry.
Watch for a sudden onset of symptoms.
Wear a checkered dress shirt for a relaxed look.
Learn the different names for the pancha kachcham.
Use a soft bag/pouch to store them.
Look for low-rise pants if you want to avoid pulling pants over your belly.
Pair leopard print booties with dresses or skinny pants/jeans.
Leave it to the professionals if you're worried about your shoes.
Go to a stylist if the cut needs to be blended into the rest of the hair.
Wear white jeans with a suit jacket for a warmer look in Fall.
Leave the curls to sit on the barrel for 10 seconds.
Mix the ingredients.
Take care of your body.
Make a mini-cotton swab, if your piece of jewelry has open backed stones.
Irrigate your mouth with a water pick.
Cover the tie rack or hanger with a garment bag to prevent dust.
Maintain good hygiene throughout the day.
Remove the strip with a single pull in the opposite direction of the hair growth.
Keep the makeup in a bag buried deep in your book bag - if you have to, hide it with your pencil case.
Avoid using products with the same ingredients after a reaction.
Use the serum on your skin twice daily.
Finish off with a top coat.
Select the proper shoes.
With parts B and C in the twist, B should be in the middle again.
Harness technology to help you stay organized.
Use a satin pillowcase.
Try egg white and lime juice.
Match a cropped sweater with heels for dressy looks.
Meet their customers.
Use a gentle cleanser after waxing.
Clip up the top layer of the wig, and straighten the bottom layer.
Put every thing together.
Lay the shirt out flat with the back side up and one sleeve out straight.
While soaking them take some toothpaste (most brands work fine) and put it on the toothbrush or nailbrush.
Putting Your Brush to Work.
Meet with a board certified plastic surgeon to discuss surgical options.
Chart your trips online.
Cut around the outermost edge of the design.
Break out your hair dryer.
Brush your hair regularly to keep it clean and tangle-free.
Wear a non-matching suit jacket/trouser combo as a smart casual option.
Weave your strips together.
Wash your shoes.
Add the vinegar and honey into the egg white and blend thoroughly (with a spoon).
Sleep on it.
Prepare the surface of the cigar box.
Slide your fingers down the strand to where you want to cut.
Cut the shapes out.
Train them to wear glasses during pleasant activities.
Rub wax over the dried surface of your eyebrow.
Do the same to the other leg.
Position the D rings.
Lubricate your finger.
Embrace accessories.
Finish the braid.
Wait until your bun feels dry to the touch.
Add shine to color-treated hair.
Add in some vitamin E oil and essential oil.
Mix the rice and water together in the bowl.
Twist the two sections.
Lay the folded shirt in your suitcase.
Buy a plain cell phone case that fits your phone.
Vary the color and placement of your dots.
Treat infants with diaper rash.
Give your shoes 24 hours to dry.
Layer your leggings under a fall dress for a warmer party outfit.
Maintain a healthy weight so your thighs don’t rub together as much.
Scrub your elbows.
Take one or two egg depend on your hair volume and whip up the egg.
Have a firm idea of what you want in mind.
Apply the blush to the apples of your cheeks.
Apply a cream to decrease hair growth.
Throw on a T-shirt over leggings or workout pants for an athleisure look.
Check the lost and found.
Confront social anxieties.
Choose which plants to use for your natural dye bath.
Clip your hair if necessary.
Identify a condition or injury that can benefit from medical massage.
Dab rubbing alcohol on the piercing holes.
Start braiding the three leather pieces together.
Wear your bathrobe like a coat, but for indoors.
Talk to your doctor about severe or persistent acne.
Purchase all the tattooing equipment you need.
Hairstyle.
Be careful with items of clothing that could snag on your earrings.
As an alternative, use a small amount of beige or champagne coloured eye shadow.
Prepare your nails before you polish.
Try bangs.
Glue the suede patch to the subpatch and shoe.
Pair your dress shirt with oxford shoes or Chelsea boots for a relaxed look.
Take 25 mg of biotin per day.
Trim the sides of your hair.
Get a restraining order.
Invest in a better quality, better fitting wardrobe.
Add a pair of suspenders for a chic look.
Try a popsicle mustache.
Clean the area.
Apply eyeliner, and lots of it!.
Avoid makeup: Tell her she shouldn't use make-up in this age because it's harmful.
Note that it's better to build shades gradually, rather than to overdo it and have to start over.
Use concealer under your eyes and on any blemishes, then apply foundation.
Make sure nothing touches in the pierced area.
Outline the upper edge of your eyebrow, but only the outer part.
Embrace your grey hair to avoid the pressure of keeping it hidden.
Look spunky by pairing shorter Oxfords with a graphic tee and bomber jacket.
Decide whether you like the look of an over bustle.
Work styling cream into damp hair to hold waves.
Practice good personal hygiene.
Twist the hair with one hand while holding the base of the ponytail with the other.
Apply blush on the apples of your cheeks.
Make formal outfits.
Pin loose hairs with bobby pins and you're ready to head out with a fashionable sleek pony!.
Place one side of the brush a little bit away from the cuticle.
Find a blush that gives your cheeks a nice, rosy, peachy glow, but is not too noticeable.
Sleep on a satin or silk pillowcase.
Move the drill tip upward slowly to loosen the acrylic.
Be bold and buck the new trend.
Trim your nails regularly, though how often will depend on how quickly your nails grow and how long you want them.
Try replacing your toothbrush.
Pull on both knots to open and close the bracelet.
Fire up your tattoo machine.
Contour your forehead and below your cheekbones.
Consult a doctor if you develop blisters after a sunburn.
Experiment with different styles, or flick through magazines and look for a haircut that will suit you.
Have plenty of safety pins on hand.
Use styling hair products with thickening benefits.
Be especially careful on uneven or slippery surfaces.
Carry it to your bottom lash line.
Ask about ring sizers to avoid cutting the ring.
Use nail polish remover on your hands or arms.
Toss on ankle boots to toughen up your style.
Store your sponge separately.
Put on a pant leg and a stiletto shoe and glue the hem to the shoe.
Use eyelash glue remover to take off your lash extensions.
Choose organic products.
Tie the first knot.
Bring two sides of shoelace fabric to the middle; fold it into four layers; fold one end of layers inward; sew along the edges.
Wash your feet each day with warm water and soap.
Use your spoon or spatula to stir the mixture.
Talk to your doctor if your body odor changes.
Cut off two rings of memory wire.
Apply a solid color nail polish.
Dress for the freezing cold.
Pin it with a brooch for added flair.
Keep regular checkup and cleaning appointments with your dentist.
Visit some of the nearest thrift shops that sell clothing in your area.
Wash or condition your shirt as usual.
Pull the zipper up to connect the boot band to your boot.
Clean all surfaces of the clippers.
Think about where you last had the money.
Find an empty drawer or an empty shoe box or something big enough to store your products.
Use neem leaf paste up to 3 times per week.
Remove old nail polish.
Book an appointment to get the tattoo.
Massage into your skin and leave on for 5 to 10 minutes.
Leave it in for about 20 or 30 minutes and rinse with your shampoo.
Ask about corticosteroid injections to shrink your scar.
Avoid any dyes or chemicals for at least a month after your perm.
Use a purple shampoo to keep your hair a cool silver.
Start the inverted stitch.
Apply a beige or pink color to your eyelids only.
Don't go broke.
Touch your hair less frequently.
Visit your doctor if you have red skin along with other severe symptoms.
Opt for brown shoes if you’re wearing warm colors, brown, or navy.
Sew up both of the straight edges along the sides.
Wind standard wrapping tape around the middle of the toothbrush.
Store your loose change somewhere other than your wallet.
Eat foods that make your hair grow thicker.
Contact local photographers and tattoo artists to tell them about your services.
Opt for soft shades of pink for understated looks.
Carry pencils.
Now cut one last strip and place it evenly onto the bridge of your nose.
Separate another layer of bangs.
Measure twice as much silicone-free and protein-free conditioner as there is gelatin into a container and heat it gently.
Let the shoe dry for 24 hours with the sole turned up.
Using head pins, arrange the beads onto the pin in the order you want them to be on the earring.
Color block.
Decorate your shoes with loose glitter and Mod Podge.
Apply a base.
Purchase a natural or organic henna hair dye.
Straighten your hair minimally, and reduce heat exposure.
Let the mask penetrate your hair for 40-45 minutes.
Pat your face dry with a soft towel or soft linen.
Creating a point of emphasis around the button-hole area, using pocket squares, or lapel pins create an emphasis point- bringing the attention to one location.
Add some blush.
Combine and stretch.
Experiment with dark blue jeans to give off a sleek, professional vibe.
Decide what finger you want your girl to wear your gift.
Wash your shoes on "Delicate" and "Cold.".
Search Craigslist.
Ensure there are two to four identical copies of your photo.
Make sure your lip stuff isn't too strong.
Tighten as you go.
Cut it short.
Choose a great location.
Prepare your magic eraser with water.
Scoop out a handful of scrub and apply to damp face, neck, hands and/or whole body.
Apply the scrub.
Wear a scarf or gloves for moles on your neck or hands.
Take vitamins that encourage skin hydration.
You can mask a sideways allergic salute as a yawn, or you can integrate a sideways allergic salute into a real yawn.
Rub dish soap onto the sticky spot to clean off excess glue.
Pour in the fragrance oil if using and distribute evenly by stirring with a wooden spoon.
Remove the tea bag after 30-60 minutes.
Gently apply a thin layer of moisturizer.
Pack a "hospital bag" with everything you will need during your labor and hospital stay.
Take advantage of technology.
Lay out a shirt, a pair of socks, and underwear on a flat surface.
Turn the item inside out and hang it up.
Pair suspenders with shorts for a summer look.
Sit there with your eyes close for 10-15 minutes.
Watch for other potential causes of TSS that can affect anyone.
Joke about the piercing.
Wrap your hair around the base of the ponytail.
Tie a faux-knot.
At this point you may also want to get some wipes and some hand sanitizer.
Apply an unscented lip balm to your lips.
Use baby powder.
Blend your eyeshadow up and out to balance downturned eyes.
Take your loose section.
Manage your blood sugar to help clear your skin.
Keep the lenses clean.
Look at the laces down the back of the corset.
Wrap the straps around your torso for a Grecian-inspired style.
Scrape your tongue only from back to front.
Shake the bottle to combine the ingredients.
Divide your bangs into three parts.
Use clips, bows, ribbons, and headbands.
Cleanse the brush with a washcloth and toothbrush.
Add a leather jacket for an edgy look.
In fine strokes, paint the fingernails.
Flat twist all around your head to create an updo.
Apply hairspray to set your style.
Designate a spot for athletic headbands if you have many of them.
Apply astringent.
Whisk the floral waters into the glycerine until they are combined.
Ask questions.
Find a support group.
Use a toner right after you wash your face.
Give yourself a manicure in a well-ventilated room.
Wrap your hair in a towel shortly thereafter.
Wash your dyed fabric separately to avoid color bleed.
Eat foods with hair-healthy nutrients.
Start by drawing a simple sketch of what you want to do.
Take the largest braid and roll it into a bun, tucking the end of the braid under the bun and securing it with bobby pins.
Do things you wanted to do, but shied away from.
Paint your nails red.
Choose soaps with citrus scents.
Add nail varnish if you want.
Place the sprigs of rosemary in a saucepan.
You will now have a dialogue box popup as in figure 7, this tells you that the design and ring on the screen is in the wrong orientation and should have it axis swapped, click on "yes".
Wash your hair like you're in a shampoo commercial.
Be Quiet.
Look for nearby consignment shops that sell jewelry.
Drink between 8-10 glasses of water a day.
Sleep on a satin or silk pillowcase to help your hair grow out.
Set your shoes sideways on top of the rice.
Eat healthily!.
Find your height using a tape measure or ruler.
Throw on a windbreaker jacket for a tracksuit look.
Use a cream pigment.
Wear the shoes before the day you are to start work.
After the bath soap, lather exfoliator between your palms.
Unclutter your jewelry box by storing pieces you rarely wear.
Rinse your skin with cold water.
Treat sunburn promptly.
Wrap a towel around your neck and shoulders.
Find ways to relax and reduce stress.
Pair penny loafers with dress pants for a more casual look.
Use professional layers.
Place hooks on door and closets for bigger items.
Consider a chemical peel.
Consciously work to relax your body, from your toes to your head.
Once the liquids have combined, add your essential oils.
Pay attention to the changes in your child's body and smells.
Cut two pieces of fabric equal to A times B plus an extra inch in each direction.
Try using a purple pigment shampoo if your light hair looks yellow.
Try ruched fabrics and wraps.
If you don't want your mom to know you got some, just wash them yourself in your bathroom sink and rinse well.
Separate your hair into three sections.
Add lace to the umbrella for a sophisticated look.
Let it sit on your skin for 5 minutes for extra exfoliation.
Opt for a short-sleeved dress for a relaxed summer look.
Mix the gelatin with cold water so that there are no lumps and let it sit.
Use labels.
Consider getting your hair relaxed.
Don’t always use soap and shampoo.
Use the bar in the shower.
Lay the linen flat.
Submerge your jeans in the dye and stir them occasionally for 10 to 30 minutes.
For girls: Use a little bit of make-up.
Consider using natural hair dyes.
Dash out and purchase a new pair.
Press the mixture into the deodorant stick container.
Use hair products rich in natural ingredients.
If you decide that you want a real corset, not just a bodice, you will need to look at the boning.
Move off-season coats or shoes to another location.
Try hair extensions.
Start wearing more and more branded items.
Place the handle across the loofah sponge.
Measure the fabric to make two rectangles.
Blend the colors in the center.
Compare the price.
Use old clothes that you don't mind getting dirty and an old towel.
Act confident.
Express your feelings.
Pick the items that you will put in the toiletry bag.
Try different sizes on until the glove fits snug.
Read the instructions on the nail glue’s label.
Visit your dermatologist for bleeding, swelling, or pain around your nails.
Display good hygiene values as you become health-conscious and see for the good values it takes to wear one during the day.
Take your outfit to the next level with pumps or wingtips.
Wash your hair with dandruff shampoo and baking soda.
Use a chapstick at night!.
Expose yourself to new foods, experiences, and locations.
Spray your neck with perfume, cologne or aftershave.
Place the patch over the hole, so that the right side of the patch faces the outside of the jeans.
Bring extra clothes or blankets.
Wash out the remaining relaxer with beard shampoo.
Consult a doctor about laser hair removal.
Limit how often you use heat to style your hair.
Comb through with a fine toothed comb.
Put a label inside your suitcase, giving information of an address to return it to, just in case.
Treat your slip dress like a camisole.
Boost your health by regularly wearing your opal.
Wrap your hair in a towel turban.
Sew a button onto the pocket beneath the buttonhole.
Examine the shaving mechanism.
Avoid smoking, caffeine and fizzy drinks.
Pair 'em with your old school Nikes or Converse.
Dispose of thinned mascara after 1 week.
When you're finished, you can set it with a powder to make it stay.
Cut the bangs using a pair of blending shears.
Get a digital or “hot” perm for looser curls on thick hair.
Avoid bad habits.
Purchase a bracelet fastening tool.
Untangle your hair.
Measure the width of the chest and multiply it by 2.
Look for warranties.
Listen to the salesperson’s ideas because they know which body type the dresses look good on.
Find a blush or contour brush.
Wet your fingers before you finger comb dry hair.
Mix colors to show off an artistic mood.
Hold your finger on the Digital Crown to track your heartbeat.
Talk to your dermatologist about a laser removal procedure.
Wash or cleanse your face.
Buy your clasp.
Cuff the brim piece.
Opt for better surfactants in place of sulfates.
Wash your hair with a good shampoo, suited to your hair.
Select a necklace that fits your waist and/or one you’d like to turn into a belt.
Thin your hair.
Control oily skin.
Respect other people's space.
A cap or hat can provide you with a signature look or just a way to draw attention to your outfit.
Wear your hair down to embrace your curls.
Wear a medium-width belt to cinch your waist.
Why do you want to learn massage?.
Remove deep scars surgically.
Wear the gloves until they're dried.
Apply a slightly darker shadow to the crease of the eye.
Decide how you will apply the colour, whether by yourself or by a professional.
Knot the loose ends of your friendship bracelet.
Hydrate as much as possible.
Keep the wind out with tight elastic and draw cords.
Rinse your hair and scrub your face and body with the excess shampoo and washcloth.
Try a menstrual cup.
Add a pop of color with brightly colored clutch or scarf.
Set up the dye bath with dye, water, and salt.
Hold the loops from the first two bands together to form a circle.
Add long layers.
There are many purse patterns on the internet.
Apply massage oil or hand lotion to your hands.
Check that the shoe isn’t too wide or too narrow.
Place the woolen sweater in the freezer.
Hang long necklaces from a wall organizer.
Try performing some facial exercises.
Fringe the edges of the feathers.
Mix up a cocktail.
Understand that even these methods can have minor hair regrowth.
Find a comfortable fitted cardigan or sweater.
Eat healthy.
Update your hairstyle.
Use anti-frizz serum or hairspray.
Stay out of the sun.
Try biotin supplements.
Put the bow to the back.
Pierce a hole through the top center of the SIM card.
Top off your look with sunglasses or a baseball cap or visor.
Deodorize sandals by putting them into a plastic bag with ½ cup (90 grams) of baking soda.
Avoid sharing makeup with your friends so you don’t get pink eye.
Flip the shirt over so it’s facing upward and place it in a plastic bag.
Start with wet hair.
Choose a dark or bold color shirt.
Apply however many coats you would like of lengthening or voluminous mascara, to top lashes.
If you go to a public school then make sure you find clothes that fit you well.
Shy away from bangs.
Search for a fish and tackle box that is deep and that has lots of slots in it.
Try putting the shorts on and sitting in a hot bath to shrink them.
Rinse your gold jewelry in warm water.
Stick to slim-fit or skinny jeans and low-tops for a polished look.
Get out of wet clothes immediately after swimming or exercising.
Put the Vans in a pillowcase.
Start with wet hair that's parted into 4 sections.
Measure half of the mixture into each shoe.
Replace a scar with new skin underneath with microdermabrasion.
Brush the corrector onto the affected area.
Place one hand palm side down on the paper with your thumb slightly extended.
Brush the section of hair flat.
Use your black eyeliner and line the top and bottom lid with a very thin line.
The last optional step is to add a few drops of Jojoba Oil to your cleanser.
Drink plenty of fluids.
Purchase items that will appeal to your customers.
Dress up your hair.
Hold the scissors appropriately.
Cut out empty calories.
Now that you have an idea of a few good basic ingredients, here's how you put together your very own organic conditioner:.
Put the baking soda paste on the stains for 2-3 minutes.
Use baking soda and hydrogen peroxide.
Spray your hair with lemon juice solution.
Wear as a wrap dress.
Freshen up with a lemon scrub.
Wear trendy sneakers or trainers with lace-up leggings.
Create a romantic mood by lighting candles or dimming the lights.
Attack caked-on dirt and stains with vinegar and baking soda.
Slide your henna over your hair, so that the roots of your hair have henna on them.
Use a shimmery shade on your cheekbones.
Remove pimples.
Ready a container for the lip balm.
Spritz your hair with the texturizing spray.
Beware of products that claim to make your hair grow faster.
Add a large leather belt for a vintage outfit.
Slowly move the cotton ball along the length of your lashes.
Use the remaining mask within 3 days.
Seek the advice of a dermatologist.
Wash your hair often, but not every day.
Cut these out.
Dye your beard if you need to make it look thicker fast.
on the top of the black or brown line, draw a thin line of a bright shiny color such as silver.
When washing, you should always use shampoo that is very light and easy on your hair.
Learn the product lingo.
Wrap one side of the hair around your ponytail.
Remove your ring before swimming.
Squeeze out a dollop of lotion to rub into each leg thoroughly.
Spice up a skirt or dress with a long white cardigan.
Hold your nails in ice cold water to harden gel polish.
Lets proceed to King Cobra by using the other 2 paracords prepared earlier.
Play around with shades of brown.
Curl vertical sections of hair, altering directions as you go.
Scrub your feet.
If this person comes up to you and recites personal things, ignore him/her, walk away from them.
Rinse your face with warm water to open the pores.
Tug on your knot to test its strength.
Create big groups to get more people involved.When everyone is busy, it’s often tough to find one-on-one time for everyone.
Slide your foot all the way forward to see if there is a gap at the heel.
Choose the size you need.
Pour the dye into the barrel of the washing machine.
You will notice that there are swirls.
Use a soft toothbrush.
Consider other tanning methods if the rash persists.
Add flair to your favorite hat with a unique brooch.
Do incline chest exercises.
Cut and squeeze your lemons.
Consult a doctor if your nails regularly cause you pain.
Choose a longer style to hide your midriff.
Allow the self-tanner to dry.
Make sure you separate the mixtures into portions into different bowls if you want to have multicolored butter.
Insert the plastic wire tie, narrow end first, into the hole opened in the hem at the side.
Bring your shirt to a full-service laundromat.
Apply brow gel.
Cleaning your ears with Q-tips may be necessary if you want to hear better or even if it's only to dry.
Tie 2 straps together and push them behind the Obi to hide.
Place the mixture in a spice shaker.
Trace your pattern onto the fabric.
Add 1 ⁄2–2 in (3.8–5.1 cm) to allow a full range of motion.
Start with a fresh, clean face.
After both shoes are done, you can do 1 of 3 things.
Play up your hair's natural texture.
Soak your brush and soap in warm water.
Make your nails look pretty.
Heat the curry leaves and coconut oil for approximately 10 minutes.
Clean the glasses using a microfiber cloth.
Measure the length and make a chalk mark on the new pants.
Remove all the bobby pins.
Prepare your makeup surface.
Stay away from harsh chemical treatments.
Add glitter.
Use a vinegar bath.
Wear natural essential oil perfumes.
Use cinnamon to add warmth and slightly darken the shade.
Don't bite or pick your lips.
Use a shoe stretching machine.
Add a bow if you'd like.
Use conditioner only to wash your hair.
Add an extra pair of underwear.
Decide upon the length of your skirt.
Forget about acting your age and enjoy yourself.
Continue until you've covered the entire nail, dipping and wiping the brush as needed.
Eat mineral-rich foods to remineralize teeth.
Comb and part your bangs down the center.
Know your complexion.
Keep repeating the procedure until all unwanted hairs are removed.
Add about 1 US tbsp (15 mL) of a cream facial cleanser to the bowl.
Wear a headband for a simple style.
Fold the sweater in half.
Change your laces for a simple customization.
Blend the bronzer with your brush.
Turn your hob onto a high temperature.
Grab all your hair as if you were going to make a ponytail.
Exercise to burn off weight from the occasional snacks.
Circulation: to improve circulation give a foot or body massage with 20 milliliters (0.68  fl oz) massage oil blended with 5 –10 drops either  lemon, cypress or rosemary essential oil.
Rinse and repeat as part of your regular oral hygiene regimen.
Only apply make-up to cover any imperfections.
Get a regular pedicure.
Exercise for at least 150 minutes per week.
Put on some latex gloves and fill a bucket with dipping solution.
Tell your folks not to make too much of a big deal with discussing with the parents of the residence, that they need to pick you up.
Dry the person's hair, then make any necessary adjustments.
Crimp sections of hair under the top layer.
Wrap the ties around the front of your leg once.
Choose jewelry that matches your clothing.
Air dry your cotton pants to avoid shrinking them in a dryer.
When using body wash, leave it on your body for 5 minutes, so it can really soak in.
Wear appropriate pants.
Smile when you’re around others.
Use the same acne products for 6-8 weeks to see if they help.
Don't mix cologne with other smells.
Get your wardrobe ready.
Finish up the style.
Complete your outfit with glasses and jewelry.
Find time for friends and family.
Wear a leather jacket to toughen up your style.
Massage some conditioner toward the ends of your hair.
Make bath time fun.
Ensure that there is no fabric showing through.
Choose a scarf made of knit or fleece for very cold winter days.
Pour bleach into a glass container or measuring cup.
Sew a popped button back into place quickly with needle and thread.
Rinse with cool water.
Show off length with straight styles.
Apply nail polish to add temporary thickness and strength.
Show off your shoes.
Pair flowing, long skirts with fitted tops.
Use a wet shaving brush.
Carry a unique bag.
Apply pomade to your hair.
Swipe the mascara wand through the alcohol-saturated paper towel.
After washing out your conditioner, comb through your hair with a wide tooth comb.
Refresh black clothes by soaking them in coffee or tea.
Stop taking the pill.
Add some milk, honey, and ground almonds into the bowl.
Curl your ponytail.
Consider using hydroquinone.
Clean the shoes that you are going to use.
Think about improving your diet.
Stay preppy with a button-down shirt.
Tie your bracelet off.
Get the tattoo.
Apply your full face of makeup as you normally would.
Apply cuticle oil to soften the skin.
Making a stimulating facial cleanser.
Decide if surgery is right for you.
Try darkening your beard with cocoa paste.
Rub the oil in your hand and apply to the roots of your hair.
Use a hammer and block to flatten the wire.
Mix the ingredients to make a cream.
Clean your eyelids.
Set up a budget for what your purchase can total.
Have a knowledgeable person help you select colors and shades of clothing, accessories, and makeup that "fit" you properly.
Blow dry your hair until it’s completely dry.
Get a safe tan.
Make sure the sweater can be hand washed.
Pull elastic through the cuffs and waistband, then sew the ends.
Remember some body spray or hotel sized soap; not everywhere is clean and good-smelling!.
Use make-up to get a bronzy glow.
Consider using homemade scrubs, shower tabs, and body butters.
Match your pearl earrings with a pearl bracelet for an elegant look.
Tie the rest of your hair at the bottom.
Press the tips of the tweezers closed to restore the bend.
Wash and dry your hair with a volumizing product.
Slide your arms into the armholes so the snap closures are in front.
Wash very thoroughly with shampoo.
Condition your lashes overnight with natural oils.
Mix the developer and color.
Do something different with your hair.
Put on latex gloves to protect your hands from the bleach.
Line the lips and fill in with a cerise pink lip pencil.
Put in 1/4 of a tsp.
Deep clean your brush at least once a month.
Put your hair up before you sleep.
Another way is to put a couple large rubber bands around the pieces, tightly wrap masking tape around it, or to pile books or bricks on the joint.
Store your powder.
Boost your B-vitamin intake.
Take a liquid liner to the top of your lashes making sure to draw a straight thin line.
Use knee-high boots to elevate your dress.
Hygiene is important.
Arrange your mirrors.
Try an abrasive.
Exercise daily to improve your circulation.
Alternatively, use clear polish.
Pair red with white accessories.
Use a pomegranate lip stain.
Readjust the straps while walking if you still feel discomfort.
Apply light translucent powder all over the face and set the concealer with it.
Find a denim jacket you want to paint.
Get to sleep early the night before.
Do a self evaluation.
Have clean, preferably fresh, school supplies.
Use vitamin C serum to reduce hyperpigmentation.
Apply concealer over blemishes or dark circles.
Create a sporty look with running shoes and jean shorts.
Be aware that plastic surgery is not without risks.
Take advantage of the chance to relax.
Smile really big (to find the apples of your cheeks) and put on a light tone of blush on your cheeks.
Typically, inline hockey uniforms call for inline hockey pants which you wear over your girdle and shin guards.
Add up to 10 drops of essential oil.
Rinse and put in moisturizer.
Wear comfy clothes at school.
Fill a bowl with warm water, dish soap, and salt.
Rinse your hair and do a check to see for sure if there is no greasy feeling if not you can use shampoo or conditioner to finish the job.
Compare funds that strike your interest.
Don't wear awkward things like high heels, as stepping onto the plane might be pretty tricky and you'll have less chance of escape if you have to get out in a hurry.
Wind your watch if it is not automatic model.
Remove from heat and slowly add the blend of rosewater and glycerin, stirring rapidly until the mixture is evenly textured.
Try witch hazel.
Stroke up each side of the jawline to the forehead.
Wear statement Chelseas with high-waisted leather shorts for a night out.
Plan to always follow along with all the party rules.
Refresh your feet with a lemon foot scrub.
Pour the mixture into a strainer placed over a second bowl.
Re-sew around the perimeter of the hole if necessary.
Mix the baking soda and salt.
Include high-waisted slacks with your suit or tuxedo for a formal look.
Find a sewing pattern for a sleeved shirt and a fabric to use.
Miniaturize and consolidate.
Nab a signature scent.
Defy gravity if you have wavy hair.
Accessorize with some striking jewelry.
In a separate small pot, heat the aloe vera gel and vitamin E oil.
Add the fixative solution, then soak the slipcover for 45 minutes.
Remember that you are not the only one at the residence that is likely to be dealing with the blanket sleeper this way.
Rinse out.
Soak a cotton ball in nail polish remover.
Dry the sweatpants carefully, focusing on one small section at a time.
Trim your toenails.
Try to prevent flare-ups with calcineurin inhibitors.
Try a feminine headband.
Peel your lemon: It is best to have the largest pieces of peel possible.
Keep your shoes out of the sun.
Choose your favorite bronzer, and smile.
Apply aftershave to the neck.
Do a tea soak.
Trade in your summer sandals for a pair of heels to wear with dresses.
Pinpointing what it is with your skin that you want to fix is a much better option then slapping make-up on, which will just make it worse.
Add some shimmer to your nails with a dip manicure.
Let the bag air dry.
Tap Time Zone.
Choose shoes that fit.
Stop smoking tobacco products to prevent hair loss.
Transmit your picture to your computer onto your "Paint" program {start, accessories, paint} and title it "base".
Open your eyes wide (not too wide or else you'll look startled or slightly crazy).
Don't go straight home.
Last, but not, least, apply a clear top coat.
Gather your fabric and sewing supplies.
Take a loose blush/powder in a very lively color (peach, rose, salmon).
Press the clasp around the chain to close it.
Apply hair gel or mousse (optional).
Read about styles that interest you.
Exfoliate with a sugar or salt scrub weekly to polish your skin.
Take a q-tip or cotton ball and smudge the red lipliner until you can't tell where the lines were drawn, but the red still stands out boldly against the orange and gold.
Now shave your legs as you normally do if you were in a shower.
Avoid dramatic eye makeup.
Keep records carefully.
Understand the things that factor into beauty.
Choose from loose powder or a palette.
Get your makeup.
Curl the strands using bantu knots and hot water.
Take the pressure off.
Find a business that offers tongue piercings, most tattoo parlors will also do your more exotic piercings.
Don't smoke, and try to stay away from second hand smoke.
Add the eyes at the lower half of the large white circle with the black nail polish.
Pull your hair to the side you want your chignon to be on.
Curl your lashes.
Do rope braids!.
Drink two glasses of water, take medicine, and put on a warm coat/sweater (depending on the climate).
Remove the pan from the heat and pour the liquid into a bowl.
Chop the spearmint leaves into tiny pieces.
Stir the hot sugar paste until it has cooled somewhat.
Rub the damp washcloth over the stained areas.
Wear fur faux accessories for a more subtle look.
Brush on the color.
Take off your shoes and your jewelry.
Mix your colours.
Pick a CC cream formulated for your skin type.
Don't reapply too often.
Measure the wearer's waistline starting at one point and ending right on top of that same point.
Be aware of payment methods.
Apply the mask to your hair, starting from the ends.
Wait for the music to finish uploading.
Layer with jackets or cardigans.
Decide whether or not to condition.
Gently dampen both sides of the brush in water.
Apply aloe vera to your face.
Continue folding your leggings in half until they form a small square.
Be really pretty and alter your clothes to make you look more attractive.
Look at the wear once the bag is broken-in.
Apply lemon juice and sit in the sun.
Place the soap in a small jar with an airtight lid.
Use your little finger to measure the space between your toddler’s Achilles’ tendon and heels and the back of the shoe.
Wear a lace capelet with a wedding gown for an elegant touch.
Layering sheer blouses with plain t-shirts and colored cardigans will make up a warm and comfy outfit for colder winter days.
Choose bags and purses with neutral tones to match your outfits.
Purchase the magic eraser.
Don’t rush.
Wash your face with your facial soap or scrub.
Wait 4 weeks before dyeing your hair again.
Make sure you have a way to spot them from a distance.
Schedule an appointment with your eye doctor.
Apply whitening strips for a more effective whitener.
Don't walk on the heels of your shoes.
Take out your hair elastics carefully and gently so that you don't stretch or un-do the curls.
Choose good shoes.
Add the essential oil.
Spread the garment on an old towel in a well-ventilated space.
Put your own FLAVOR to your styles and fashion.
Chain 34.
Be spontaneous and say “yes” more often.
Insert the "threading needle" into one of the slits and work it around with your fingers.
Protect your work area or work outdoors.
Pour the floral waters into the upper level of the bain marie with the warmed up glycerine.
Keep your accessories simple.
Drain the raw material out and pour the dye water into a separate basin.
Avoid heat styling.
Once you're out of the bath and put on some moisturiser, get on your warmest, cosiest and softest pyjamas with some slippers or if you don't have any slippers, then put on some warm socks.
Follow your doctor's orders.
Use a warm blush to define your cheeks.
Put the strained, infused water to one side.
Extend eye shadow beyond the crease for hooded eyes.
Keep applying the lemon juice for about 2 weeks every day.
Line your eyes using a liquid or pencil, which ever works best for you.
Review the experience and credentials of the faculty of the school.
Fill your sink with warm water (if it is hot is will dry out your hands, and if it is cold, it will wrinkle them up).
Place the hand you want the bangle to go over inside the bag.
Screw the loose metal ball on the end of the jewelry if you’re using a bar.
Consult your doctor first.
Choose a type of sandal.
Curl your eyelashes if desired.
Keep your shoes looking brand new.
Increase your speaking vocabulary to include more "college level" words and phrases.
Make sure the engraving machine is in its home position and the engraving head is to the right.
Trim off the flannel shirt’s sleeves and excess fabric.
Blend in the essential oils and vitamin E oil with a hand mixer.
Get ready for a night out with a blazer and white tee.
Get rid of worn-out clothing.
Wear your sling under your clothing.
Check the cameo under magnification.
Focus on the Shoulder Well.
Save up a few months before, and start shopping when the weather begins to get warmer.
Sew patches into the thighs of your jeans before they rip.
Replace your clothing slowly.
Part your hair down the middle.
Pin the waistline of the skirt into 4 equal parts and secure the elastic.
Reuse the bottle as a glue dispenser.
Apply a clear base coat.
Try to anticipate the camera click, and blink beforehand.
Tighten the nut and test the new wheel.
Hook each of your earrings onto an earwire.
Turn the dress inside-out.
Add layers.
French braid your hair.
Decide how long you will use the purse.
If you only have one pair of boots, and you are only in the barracks for a short time, with no big parades, and are going out to the field, then do the same as bulling the boot, but once the layer is on (i.e.
Smile!.
Wear old clothes that you would not mind getting bleached.
Breathe slowly and deeply.
Shine them with a soft, cotton cloth.
Remove your makeup.
Place your fleece scarf in the dryer on a low heat setting.
Tan early in the day.
Place the cream in a jar or tin.
Shy away from brand names if your budget is low and you don't need to get the latest styles.
Submerge the fabric in the dye bath and stir for 60 minutes.
Try an exfoliator on your face or body.
Stir in 2 to 3 drops of flavoring oil, if desired.
Fit the ring engraving chuck, by screwing it in place of the pen holder; make sure you have the inside ring engraving jaws fitted (these are black).
Anticipate.
Apply a smoothing product.
For a sensual interactive experience, both partners face each other and slowly stroke fur gloves over their bodies.
Scrub your feet in the shower before wearing sandals.
Exfoliate your skin before removing hair.
Tie your hair up in a ponytail to get dirty hair out of your face.
Try on a bucket hat for a fun look.
Hang your necklaces.
Make two slits for the twist button.
Attach to the other buckle.
Look at artificial eyelashes, extensions, and other products to accentuate your eyes.
Wear gorgeous clothes.
Use it to separate your lashes.
Wear a blazer over a dress for a professional yet feminine outfit.
Wear high-waist or midrise jeans to cover your stomach.
Have the coat dry cleaned.
Cover your hair with a shower cap.
Wash and dry the bra immediately after removing it.
Remove it the next morning.
Apply black eyeliner to your eyes.
If you need your boots for field-craft (i.e.
Make any necessary repairs.
Take the bow.
Tame unruly brow hairs with gel.
Use aloe vera when your hair is dry and damaged.
Wear a pin as a scarf holder.
Break the powder up further into a fine dust.
Make sure hair is long enough before you attempt to wax it.
Look for a pair that tapers in a little at your ankle for a slimmer look.
Iron.
Select a suitable bag.
Wrap the left strand around and through the 2 middle strands.
Choose tights with zippered pockets for secure storage.
Add hair to one strand and keeping braiding.
Always start with a clean "canvas" by washing your face and practicing good hygiene.
Carry a duffel or backpack to hold all your gear.
Paint your nails until the face mask is dry or until you want to take it off.
Put it in the fridge for half an hour.
Let the insoles sit overnight.
Cinch your ponytail and use a second holder to secure it.
Do it in your own, clean bath.
Select a no-light gel nail polish and top coat set.
Eat a diet rich in fruits and vegetables.
Use a light conditioner.
Use cream on your skin regularly.
Start with the white.
Ditch the brush for a comb.
Store your curling iron in an over-the-door shoe organizer.
Put down the bottle of bleach.
Take two shades of powder - one shade lighter than your natural skin tone, one darker, e.g.
Put on a tie tack with a suit for a more formal look.
Put on a matching skinny belt to accentuate your waist.
Grow the henna out.
Remove excess dirt and debris with an old toothbrush or a soft bristled shoe brush.
Wear a T-shirt dress with slouchy boots for informal affairs.
Choose a metallic eyeshadow.
Put on a pale shade of lipstick followed by a slick of gloss, or just the gloss will be fine.
Fill in your eyebrows with eyebrow liner by starting at the inner part of your brows (near the nose) and following your natural brow shape.
Keep your environment humid.
Add in jewelry or watches slowly.
Create a cat eye with contrasting colors.
Use as you normally would.
Finish your braid.
Leave your jacket at the tailor’s and pick it up when it’s ready.
Layer a jean jacket over a dress for a fancier outfit.
Put on a base.
Make yourself known for your special talent.
Avoid crash diets.
Mix Besan flour and curd to the rose petals paste.
Get a chocolate fragrance oil.
Use the soap gently on your feet.
Never overdo your makeup.
Make sure you are well-groomed.
Look through some magazines.
Exfoliate with a daily scrub if you don't favor soap.
Exercise weekly (at least).
Accent your eyes.
Try a frosted white look by using metallic cream shadow.
Consult your doctor about laser treatment.
Exfoliate, moisturize, and let set till dry.
Take the infused water and slowly pour it into the melted mixture.
Try to make a two-way conversation.
Take some items with you and apply on the way to work or in a restroom once you're there.
Base your foundation on your skin type.
Insulate the hair.
Read up on current fashion and beauty.
Buy something new and flashy, such as a new MP3 player (like an iPod or a Creative Zen).
Sew the waistband lining.
Pack all of the felt tubes into the bottom of the box.
Moisten your face.
Coat your cuticles in cuticle oil to keep them healthy.
Store the reusable bubble bar in a well-drained area.
Choose the right bathing suit.
Pour the beet liquid into a spray bottle.
Create a simple look by wrapping the scarf over your head and around your neck.
Include a piece of dark chocolate.
Turn off your phone.
Sew a button at the end of the shoelace.
Check into sclerotherapy.
Finish off your look with lip gloss.
Sterilize storage containers.
Don't over-clean.
Remove the flexi-rods.
Thin your eyebrows to soften their appearance, but do so gradually, since once they are removed, only time will replace them.
Wear a sleek, body conscious top.
Lay out the sweater in its natural shape on a fresh towel or drying rack.
Make a statement with metallic shoes and a matching handbag.
Trim the wire back from both ends of the coil, so that you have 2¾ coils.
Massage your scalp to improve circulation.
Pick appropriate shoes for the situation.
Hide the bobby pins or hair ties and finish with hairspray.
Begin early by breaking tasks into small pieces.
Moisturize every day.
Use thin coats.
Repeat the process to make a second pant leg.
Recognise what causes oily skin.
Choose your footwear.
Get in the shower and wash yourself with a body gel (preferably scented).
Position your chin, neck, and shoulders.
Warm the wax.
Use a sewing machine to stitch the armhole closed around the folded edge.
Dye your hair a dark color.
Decide upon which side you'll be placing a zipper.
Pack extra stuff like your jewelry and makeup.
Add some hair to the left strand, then cross it under.
Remove ink with cotton balls and rubbing alcohol.
Try them on to make sure they fit the way you want them to.
Put the rack or hanger in the middle of your closet rod.
Be aware of your stress levels and manage them properly.
Comb your hair instead of brushing it.
Lay out the jacket.
Place the foot you just scrubbed back into the water and repeat the previous step on the opposite foot.
Review any medication you take, and add that to your handbag, as necessary.
Move the file in one direction over the nail polish.
Bring the sides of the scarf to your forehead and use 1 to make a loop.
Check that the toothbrush fits without slipping.
Soak overnight in a tub of hot water.
Create a bold outfit by pairing a metallic or sparkly skirt with your blazer.
Air dry your jacket.
Now place your snowflakes to the side and make an image that you want.
Air dry the bra.
Leave your windbreaker unzipped to show off your shirt underneath.
Shower.
Consider outside barriers that might be affecting your problem.
Add mineral or baby oil to peroxide if you have sensitive skin.
Discontinue the use of glycolic acid in the case of irritation.
Purchase whatever menstrual product you choose.
Flex your hand.
Pat your lips with foundation primer first.
Also avoid wearing red shoes with bright green.
Fold the top edge to the bottom.
Keep your shoes plain.
Dry off after your bath with a clean, fluffy towel.
Braid your hair back completely to make your glasses stand out.
Apply several coats of dark mascara to the eyelashes.
Cut a feather shape out of cardboard.
Store it upside down.
Tie the scarf into a knot on the top of your head and tuck in the tip of the triangle.
Freeze the scar.
Use the same process of wetting the mini-cotton swab/toothpick in the alcohol, drying it against the paper towel and cleaning in small spaces.
Find a narrow skater skirt if you are short.
Ensure you're getting enough protein.
Brush them out.
Wash your hair thoroughly, and see the difference!.
Create a soothing bedtime routine before you go to sleep.
Place the fabric over the hole, so that the right side of the fabric faces the outside of the jeans.
Apply your eye makeup first.
Support stores that use diverse models in their advertisements.
Buy two D rings to go with your fabric.
Wrap long, damp hair around a bandana, elastic headband, or scarf to get loose curls.
Separate your elastic headbands so you can easily locate them.
Perform several arm stretches while wearing the jacket.
Transfer the mixture into a clean bottle with a pump or squeeze top.
Smile the entire time unless you’re acting out a scene.
Use silk or satin pillowcases.
Plop your hair using a microfiber towel to keep your curls intact.
Place the chiffon fabric in the pot and simmer it for 1 hour.
Braid each section.
Paint your nails if you want your hands to look more polished when wearing big rings.
Buffing is optional.
Pair a simple dress with bold accessories to add interest.
Consider just how much of a deal is it.
Give yourself a manicure and pedicure.
Squeeze exfoliator onto your hands.
Don’t ever show your child pornographic material.
Create your design.
Put the sock bun around your ponytail, then split your ponytail in half.
Keep a backup pair.
Applying oil to the tips is important as it prevents split ends.
Cell phone.
Dry your hair.
Add pins to your purse straps to spice up your bag.
Nothing wrong with being provocative, but stay private.
Shop on websites that feature large, multi-perspective pictures.
Choose a fur capelet for an event on a cooler evening.
Do an invigorating steam.
Wear a pair of ballerina flats.
Avoid clothes that need to be dry-cleaned.
Consider Perfume.
Wear your boots and reshape the leather with a hairdryer.
Locate the clasp.
Place all of the other items you've purchased inside the basket where they look nice and neat.
Don’t post personal information.
Add the boiling water to the green tea leaves to revive them and have them stretch to full size (this helps the end look).
Raid your refrigerator.
Add accessories to make all the difference.
Brush on two thin coats of colour, waiting a couple of minutes after each hand.
Prepare your first section.
Choose the perfect foundation.
Coil the weaving wire once around the bottom warp wire.
Keep your vanity tidy and leave out only your statement pieces.
When you've done this, you will see that if you pull the string it will close the pouch.
Dry your curls.
Wash your hair, and let it partially dry.
Check for a wide forehead and narrow jaw to spot a heart-shaped face.
Consider an easy vertical stripe.
Choose 2 complementary colors from the same brand to mix together.
Use sequins or glitter to add sparkles to the umbrella.
Decorate with a second chopstick.
Keep your home office and your desk organized.
Tie a forward knot with string 1 over the other strings.
Wear a smooth, strapless bra or bandeau for invisible support.
Know the requirements for getting tax deductions.
For hot summer days, you have the option of combining your blouse with highwaisted shorts.
Look at the color.
Wash your skin with a face cleanser and pat it dry.
Apply sunscreen with a high SPF when going outside.
Adjust the watch so it's in the middle.
Try applying Vaseline on your eyebrows before going to bed.
Pick a lipstick to match.
Fill the saucepan or pot to 1/4 with water and place on the stove.
Have your shirts tailored.
Try a French braid if you want to contain your hair.
Give your lips extra attention to avoid them becoming chapped and splitting.
Identify alligator and crocodile leather by its softness.
Choose colours.
Remove any clip that may be holding the battery in place.
Cut the plant material and put it in a large stockpot with water.
If an item in position to be used is somehow unsuited to that particular day's wearing, take the next one from that end that is suitable.
Find a cardboard box large enough to hold your bracelet collection.
Spritz more sea salt on the updo and massage it into your hair.
Put the spoons in the salt water, then plug in the transformer.
Alternate between bras to prevent your bras from losing their shape.
Pull down on the tube.
Don't wear makeup to bed.
Lace and unlace your shoe laces.
Decide if there are holes in your shoe wardrobe that can be cheaply filled.
Unzip the zipper.
Choose healthy foods.
Position the rubber band.
Apply consistently and according to product instructions.
Choose large, simple watches and jewelry.
Put on some music.
Braid the underside of your hair.
Place a funnel into the mouth of the bottle.
Visit your tattoo artist for touch-ups if your tattoo starts to fade.
Prepare to bring some party snacks with you.
Mix well by shaking in the bottle with the lid on.
Wait at least six months before washing new jackets.
Gently rinse your hair.
Style your look with 1 tasteful jewelry item.
Rub your hair upwards in the front for more volume.
Shake together.
Perfect your posture!.
Push the combs shut.
Knot the pearls.
Wear nice clothes to feel better when you take them off.
Don't forget to brush your teeth, floss, and rinse.
Place jewelry in boiling water.
Clean your pebble with a soft cloth.
Try on the shirt and see how it looks on you.
Let the dental hygienist clean your teeth.
Wear a hat that complements the shape of your face.
Avoid direct sunlight.
Apply pressure to the webbed area.
Get your skin ready.
Use a hair growth inhibitor.
Take care of more than just your appearance.
Take the required measurements for the jacket’s sizing information.
Wear colored eyeliner and light shadow.
Let the sea salt dry.
Put your hair in a ponytail.
Fold and press the raw edge.
Flick the paste off.
Create the stripes with red liquid lipstick.
Hips again now, if no underwear, uncover just one hip and work on separate to and from heart slowly clearing deeper each time.
Add 2-3 tablespoons of apple cider vinegar and one tablespoon of raw honey.
Drop the comparisons.
Craft messier, more casual looks with your fingertips.
In a blender or food processor, mix all of the ingredients, with the exception of the soap.
Make-up.
Unwrap the design.
Line the inside of your cigar box purse.
Make sure your bangs are straight.
Remove loose leather using sandpaper or small scissors.
Remember executive style is commanding style, not fashion style.
Tuck the end of the braid under the bun.
Add an additional layer with a blazer or coat.
Pull the round brush slowly towards the ends of your hair.
Consider mascara and an eyelash curler.
Ensure that the piece is dry before returning to storage.
Start with dry hair that's already cut to the length you want in the back.
Apply a top coat to your nails to keep them from chipping.
Kick back and lounge around for awhile.. Read a book, pop in a movie, play some video games- whatever.
Don't make your decision based on the colour.
Wear those ell-dubs with matching fingerless gloves.
Flip over the folded onesie and set it aside.
Have your ring appraised.
Line a small bowl with aluminum foil.
Talk to your piercer.
Add the socks by laying them across the top of the shirt.
Make sure to consume enough protein.
Wipe down the hair dye-stained surface using acetone.
Sew the elastic waistband together.
Utilize a pegboard to hang hats, scarves, and accessories on your walls.
Give a spray of hair spray, and you're finished!.
Grab your baby's arms and place your babies arms directly inside the sleepsack.
Let the balm sit and harden before use.
Plan a getaway for you and your partner.
Play up the lips.
Hang out with whom you want to hang out with: This is for looks, not popularity.
Pour the soap into a soap mold, and allow at least 24 hours for the mixture to cool.
Cross the right strand over the center strand.
Begin a standard braid.
Stay away from heat products.
Place and pin flap over piece.
Wrap the center braid into a bun, starting from the base.
Use a strap to avoid misplacing your glasses.
Get an internal bra.
Paint your nails with a few strokes of colored polish.
Use foundation or concealer to create a larger base.
Wash your face at least once a day with warm water and a mild cleanser.
Launder and iron all clothing.
Finish off your twisted crown braid.
Follow cultural or religious traditions.
Use a kombucha tea facewash.
Continue cutting on or just inside the edges.
Use big, bold accessories.
Get permission from your doctor if you are pregnant or breastfeeding.
Visit a store to buy the hair dye.
Take valuable necklaces or gemstones to the jewelers.
Wear rollers.
Purchase a non-UV gel polish for an easy at-home option.
Use a bronzer on your face and collarbone.
Engaging your abs (do a crunch), press your shoulders down and open your arms out to the sides.
Adjust your cut periodically as your hair grows.
Add a patch for a cleaner look.
Gather a thin section of hair from the left side.
Pin and sew the thumb on.
Cross your legs to seem curvier while sitting or standing.
Make small cuts of about 0.5 inches/1.5cm, about 1 inch/2.5cm apart.
Pay attention to the calves.
Wear it with confidence.
Add some hair to the left strand, then cross it over.
Keep your tattoo away from the sun.
Once you're done with exfoliating, wash your face with warm water.
Pour boiling water and sugar into bowl.
Look up video tutorials of more difficult looks, or figure them out yourself, so that eventually you'll be able to do your own glam looks for parties.
Try a halo look for almond eyes.
Mix your dye in a bucket according to package directions.
Remove your glasses the right way.
Choose footwear that matches your jacket color.
Decide on your budget.
Give yourself a manicure.
Shape your beard.
Deal with small chips to the tips of your nails creatively.
Pour some toner onto your palms and then massage this onto your face as well.
Exfoliate your legs with a scrub or body wash. Just like many people contour their faces with makeup, others use contouring to make their legs look longer and more shapely.
Repeat steps 9 and 10 until no more sequins come off.
Think about brow mascara.
Scrunch your hair.
Add pumpkin pie spice to make a lip balm fit for Fall.
Appear in court to get your restraining order.
Cut two pieces of wire about 2-3" (5-7.5cm) long.
Click on the Patterns button beside the Home button.
Repeat the process until all of your hair is in curls.
Go for a dressy casual look if you’re heading to a cocktail party.
Purchase hair wax.
Brush your teeth.
Exercise 4-5 times a week to keep your body strong.
Apply butter with cotton balls.
Cut the top seam off of the pillowcase so that you have an opening at both ends.
Slice off an outer leaf of an aloe plant.
Sew the embellishments in place, be they lace (be careful in selecting the thread colour and where to position the stitching), beads, ribbons or anything else you can think of.
Enlist the help of a knowledgeable friend.
Add more goals onto the chain when necessary.
+Never carry out a stretch if it is painful - this means your ear is not ready to stretch.
Use a round brush.
Pull your bangs taut.
Wash your grill with soap and water.
Leave the oil for at least an hour before washing it off.
Let your hair dry in the headband.
If you go to a school with a uniform, wear short socks or tights.
Stubborn spots may be removed by scrubbing with a soft brush.
Clean underneath your nails daily.
Avoid contact with coarse materials on your head.
Feel the scar.
Maintain a more healthy diet.
Put on a jacket or blazer over your long shirt for a complete outfit.
Measure out ¼  cup of coconut oil.
People will notice you because you're natural.
Check your eyebrows.
Try using drawer dividers.
Maintain a neutral expression.
Strive for moderation with charcoal products.
Check the fit at the back of shoes using your index finger.
Experiment with dyes.
Keep it in the middle.
Get the supplies together.
Wear good-looking, put-together outfits if your school doesn't require you to wear uniforms.
Use nail polish thinner to dissolve hardened polish.
Pack a bag.
Finish with some product.
Buy a short length of link chain.
Be sure to apply moisturizer.
Draw a horizontal line connecting from the top edge of your vertical line.
Put on your protective gear.
Give your face a good wash using warm water.
Rub the corner of a soft cotton cloth in the leather conditioner.
Drink water throughout the day.
Buy or print out a pupillary distance ruler for a simple DIY measurement.
Use rooibos tea to bring out reds.
Layer metal cuffs and studded bracelets for an edgy style.
Add coconut oil and honey for extra shine.
Have the pearls x-rayed.
Brush your main orange color into the outer crease of your upper lids.
Remove the saucepan from heat and stir in the lemon juice.
Braid the short hairs at the back of your neck so they aren’t loose.
Try aloe vera.
Choose lightweight shoes to help your toddler feel more comfortable.
Mix the liquid Castile soap and your chosen essential oil into the bowl.
When you are satisfied with your themed purse, make a 1" binding going around the top of both sides of the purse to add durability and to later attach the handle(s).
Set a budget based on how you intend to use your glasses.
Wash and condition your hair as little as you can.
Cut up some colorful paper into thin strips.
Use your creativity to really develop your fabulous persona.
Eat the right foods.
Pleat the other end.
Open up a safety pin and thread 4 seed beads onto it.
Cut 2 pieces of medium wire to the desired length.
When dying your hair pink, you can leave the dye in overnight if it is semi-permanent.
Remove makeup before going to sleep.
Consider surgical liposuction.
Make a cat eye with a black eyeliner pencil.
Save space by moving your dresser into your closet.
Steer clear of alcohol-containing hair products.
Try to fall with care.
Dye your hair by following the instructions on the box.
As with big bracelets, you shouldn't wear a bunch of chunky rings if you're planning on doing work with your hands or getting them dirty.
Place an elastic headband over your head.
Show off your new origami earrings!.
Tell others when your feelings are hurt.
Place the peels in a jar and cover with grain alcohol.
Blend your shadow.
Use a color-extending shampoo and conditioner to lock in the dye.
Avoid makeup products with alcohol.
Wear booties, wedges or nice flats.
Rinse well and just pat dry.
Use a two-way shoe stretcher to stretch the whole shoe at once.
Use hairspray to secure the long strands of hair in place.
Shine the sunglasses frames with the stage 4 side of the nail buffer.
Wear high heels to make your spine curve.
Place the wet fabric in the dye and let it simmer for 1 hour.
Squeeze each toe and rub between them.
Next, take your loose powder foundation and apply it all over face to set the liquid.
Unload the jeans online.
Buy high quality witch hazel.
Choose denim shorts and a leather jacket for an edgy look.
Visit your piercer for further assistance.
Add the cocoa powder, honey, oatmeal powder, and heavy cream into a small bowl.
Finish with hairspray.
Experiment with eye shadow based on your eye color.
Sew the neck of the loop with a basic stitch, going back and forth many times, until the width of all these stitches is ⁄4 inch (0.6 cm).
Remove from the freezer the next morning.
Add your conditioner.
Add a small velvet accessory, such as a headband or cuff bracelet.
Flip your ponytail around a second time.
Go for bold colours and prints.
Pin the hat top to the cuff.
Consider tea tree oil.
Do calf raises.
Put on some velvet ankle booties.
Opt for belting a form fitting dress for a going-out look.
Take an eyeliner pencil and lightly draw a line from the outer corner of your eye (near your temple) 3/4 of the way across your eye.
Run your fingers through the curls to separate them out.
Get plenty of exercise.
Wear a large belt buckle to draw attention to your shorts.
Fold the suit pants in half on a separate hard surface or next to the jacket.
Roll the cone down as you go to push henna out.
Lastly, decorate your lips.
Style your hair how you want it using a blow-dryer or other products.
Rinse your shoes in water and wash them with dish soap.
Be careful with body lotions, face creams, make-up.
Check the toner's ingredients.
Take the magic Eraser again, and this time, use a lighter scrubbing motion on the whole cloth part of the shoe.
Leave in the onion juice for at least 30 minutes, up to one hour.
Get your hair trimmed every three to five months.
Ask specific questions.
Find the dress’s arm length by measuring from shoulder to cuff.
Dry your watch band completely.
Take a concealer that is 1-2 shades lighter than your natural skin tone and put it all around your under eyes to hide any dark circles, and blend the concealer to the brow bone to prime the eyes for eyeshadow.
Wipe off the excess wax using the cloths provided in the box.
Take warnings about chocolate with a grain of salt.
Establish that your face is triangular by looking for wider jawline.
Pry open the bead set it aside.
Remove the bra from the towel.
Apply concealer around your eyebrows.
Wear nude nail polish.
Try using a highlighter pen.
Brighten up your eye area.
Run a lint roller over your hat to remove dust and hair.
Create a romantic look with a dark colored jeans and a moody floral top.
Cut fabric or ribbon into 1 inch (2.5 cm) x 8 inches (20 cm) strips.
Create a tie dye effect in photoshop.
Opt for products that contain  a higher SPF if you need more sun protection.
Create a gram flour mask.
Stop licking your lips when they feel chapped.
Bring out the bold colors.
French braid your hair until you reach the crown of your head.
Massage the affected area.
Rub a few drops of argan oil through your hair to add softness.
Measure your hand circumference.
Use sun screen or sun block, depending upon how long you will be out in the sun.
Store in a dark place.
Lay your suit jacket down on a flat surface.
Drink at least 8 glasses of water a day to help keep your hair strong.
Press your fingers into your nostrils to work on slimming them.
Leave the tea bags in the bath during bathing.
Wear a pair of stiletto heels for a night out.
Consider using or making your own cloth pads.
Measure the amount of thickeners / emulsifiers and add them to the oils.
Measure the distance your zipper pops open when you unbutton the top button of your jeans.
Ask about chemical peels.
Act positively and don't go trying to impress people.
With one hot stone, glide along lower part of back.
Put clean gloves on and change into old clothes.
Ask your doctor to examine the keloid.
Pull the left side of the new middle band over your left finger.
While you are doing your "homework", keep a journal with all of the looks and clothes that you like.
Make a homemade bleach bath.
Use sunlight to your advantage.
Avoid applying products near the piercing.
Never forget your manners A true diva is polite.
Replace your curling iron when it starts showing signs of wear and tear.
Hold the cummerbund with the pleats facing up and out.
Comb your bangs so that they lie flat on your forehead.
Consider the therapeutic intent.
Buy the right hair dye.
Get a warranty that covers the results.
Take a toothbrush with toothpaste.
Assemble the calm and collected things you have chosen to do during these hours to pass the time by in an easy-to-reach place such as in your sleepers pockets (if they have them) or nearby the chair you wish to use prior to falling asleep.
Continue until a strand is long enough to wear.
Discard single-use items.
Pour a quarter-sized dollop of Hibiclens onto a clean, wet washcloth.
Wear different cuts of clothing everyday.
Apply the serum to the back of your hair first.
Buy a diffuser, which is one of those small spray bottles.
Use nail glue to attach each tip to your nails.
Limit the use of heating styling tools.
Treat burns.
Apply a thin layer of primer where you want your design to go.
Leave your hair as it is for a quick, chic style.
Avoid smoking cigarettes.
Make old clothes new.
Take the event and time of day into consideration.
Provide extra privacy in crowded environments.
Add a few tablespoons to ½ cup (115 grams) of your mixture under the running water.
Keep up with trends.
If you are going to apply eyeshadow, use a primer.
Experiment with different brands of ampoules.
Purchase a bleaching kit from a salon or beauty-supply store.
Compare your jeans to other Levi's.
Spoon the lotion into a glass jar.
Clean your manicure up.
Have a little beer!.
Keep your calendar handy, and keep a pen or pencil close by.
Fill  a medium-sized cup with plain (unflavored) milk, preferably well-refrigerated milk.
Pair your crop top with high-waisted trousers or a skirt.
Section off areas of the fabric.
After all those steps are done, your Converse© should be nice, clean, and dirt free.
Measure the length of your foot with a ruler or tape measure.
Pour the liquid into a bottle.
If you cannot keep up with regular salon visits, do not change your hair color!.
Create a classy look.
Begin stringing colorful beads onto your bracelet.
Apply sunscreen of at least 30 SPF.
Check the clarity.
Line your eyes using a pencil brush to make your eyelashes look full.
Apply 1 more coat of spirit gum on top of the wax.
Assemble a double boiler.
Apply the cotton fibers to your lashes.
Put together an outfit.
Bag your necklaces while traveling.
Give your feet some sun.
Apply over your entire face.
Mix together hot water and fabric softener in a spray bottle.
Apply primer.
Blow dry your crystal piece gently using a hairdryer on low setting.
Brush your skin with a natural bristled brush.
Use bathroom steam to release wrinkles.
Apply a very little amount of concealer ONLY around eyes.
Take care of your hair by trimming all of those split-ends every 3-6 months.
Weave in the end.
Use eyelash glue if you want to wear glitter on top of your eyeshadow.
Put dots in places other than under your eyes.
Use red, or traditional, henna.
Come to school ready and eager to learn.
Wear a pair of heels or fancy flats to finish your outfit.
Every night prepare your coffee.
Compress and elevate the injury in between icings.
Improve your mind and your awareness of important issues.
Protect your scar from direct sunlight as it heals.
Spray in a heat hair protection or normal hair protection spray.
Remove hair elastic and tie the wrap at the end.
Get an aluminum cover button kit from the fabric store.
Take the foil out and use a hair dryer on the streaks.
Apply some hair oil, if desired.
Carefully cut out a single layer of fabric from the rear crotch area.
Commit to a 7-day meal plan.
Choose what stays.
Change colors as you wish.
Rub olive oil on the gum.
Let your friends know which dress you buy so that they will be able choose another style.There’s no way to guarantee that you’ll be the only one at prom with your dress since girls buy from bridal shops in neighboring towns and also online.
Use q-tips to remove mascara from the base of your eyelashes.
Reclip the first section and repeat steps 3-4 with the remaining sections.
Add the exfoliants.
Go over the liquid with a pencil liner that matches the liquid.
Mix together equal parts of baking soda and laundry detergent.
Put on v-neck tops to make your body look longer.
Direct your gaze at a spot right above the camera.
Figure out your desired solutions.
Get a chemical peel if your doctor recommends it.
Apply your foundation as normal.
Sew the curved seat and crotch.
Use a microfiber brush.
Carefully pummel the ribbons with a potato masher.
Apply your base color coat.
Don't over-pack items for the baby.
Use concealer to even your complexion or brighten your eyes.
Separate the trimmed curls from the untrimmed curls.
Cut a diagonal line from the marked spot to your first cut at the collar.
Practice drawing your design before using your bleach pen.
Apply makeup remover with a Q-tip to avoid your extensions.
Choose thicker fabrics.
Make your perfume last longer.
Drape a chunky necklace to emphasize your neckline.
Cut 2 strands of each color about 21 inches (53.3 cm) long.
Tuck your pants into your boots when it rains.
Add a belt for a slimming fit.
Make an avocado hair mask.
Brush your lips with petroleum jelly and a soft toothbrush.
Smooth out wrinkles and add to dye bath.
Get your hair damp.
Mix it with an acidic liquid, such as lemon juice or red wine, tea and olive oil can also be used and makes it easier to wash out but add just enough so that it is a kind of smooth paste.
Massage your whole head.
Wait for the glue to dry before wearing your earrings.
Watch their progress.
Toss your empty perfume bottles in the recycling bin.
Massage the oil into your scalp using fingertips dipped in the hot oil.
Start looking.
Use concealer to hide dark circles under your eyes.
Start with white eyeliner at the corners of your eyes.
Select a textured top to give your outfit some stylish depth.
Understand the importance of trying on the clothing for size.
Prime your eyes (optional).
Use a cane if walking on the burn hurts.
Adjust your shampooing schedule.
Change your laces regularly.
Pin the material to the pattern.
Locate dental care that you can afford.
Skip the binder when you workout if possible.
Create the solution.
Avoid dressing in earth tones.
Put concealer under your eyes and any redness or acne spots.
Have a good time.
That's it!!!.
Mix together with an electric hand mixer.
Let it rest.
Employ colors that match your everyday style.
Choose a matte bronzer.
Buy a sweat-resistant primer if you’re active.
Apply a toner.
Turn the pants back to the right side.
Place the spray away from children and pets.
Use Vaseline throughout the process.
Every morning and evening wash your face with warm water and apply your cleansing lotion onto a ball of cotton and rub in small circles into your face and after about 30 to 60 seconds, wash it off with warm water.
Limit the chemical treatments on your hair.
Decide on a pattern.
Blow-dry your hair with a roller brush for a classic, voluminous look.
Fill in your brows.
Run a small comb through your beard for 15 minutes daily.
Be realistic about price.
Wrap a band in a different color around the middle of the bands you're holding.
Add the shea butter to the beeswax mixture.
Towel dry your hair so it’s not dripping wet.
Visit your dentist once or twice a year at least.
Shake your hair dry.
Put your lighting in front of you to avoid shadows.
Include a tie for a more polished look.
Both ears showing or both edges of the face visible if hair covers the ears.
Be careful with face make-up.
Divide the back section of your hair.
Use light soap or oil as your cleanser.
Now move to the back, warm with lotion or oil feeling for tight areas to concentrate on and them have them scoot down and turn to a side.
Sew suede circles to the heels and toes if you have more time.
Then take a sparkly/shiny shade of white/beige eyeshadow, and apply it to all of your eyelid.
Press the iron into the powder for 15 seconds.
Use pencil eyeliner when on the go.
Apply a heat protectant and blow dry your roots for additional lift.
Texlax your hair.
Enjoy it and don't force it on yourself if you don't like it.
Inspect your pantyhose after each wear for snags and tears.
Pull the loops of the 8-shaped orange band over the 2 purple bands.
Brush a section on the top of your head.
Plait as normal.
Begin by applying foundation.
Take breaks from heat styling at least once a week.
Increase your intake of vitamins and Omega-3s.
Apply a moisturizer of your choice to replace moisture lost during the drying process.
Choose mid browns or any other light colour that compliments your skin tone for your eyes.
Go out and find some.
Measure and cut the nylon wire.
Don't overdo it on the scent.
Pick a tunic that balances your figure.
Wash the fabric beforehand.
Dilute 1/2 gallon (1.9 L) of bleach with three pitchers of water.
Style your hair with a high ponytail.
To flush out your piercing, fill your syringe up by making sure the tip of it is fully submerged in water.
Place the retainer in your mouth.
Use a chemical dye remover.
Consider dying your hair.
Seal the bottom of the bun once more.
Sew a straight line at the top of the markings all the way down.
Take a brown or black eyeliner and lift your upper lashes up and apply the liner underneath the lashes.
Being shy and conservative is sweet, and it's a natural charmer.
Wear cropped jeans for an easy fix.
Spend more time outside.
Connect the new hair with one of the sections in the braid and continue braiding.
Invest in laser hair removal.
Throw an overcoat over black jeans and white boots for a simple look.
Apply hair rollers to the top of your hair.
Use a shower filter.
Keep the following with you at all times.
Wait until it’s dark!.
Or, even better, buy washable mascara.
Apply self-tanner or get a spray tan to combat pasty skin.
Massage your eye area.
Leave the henna until it is almost dry.
Cut the fabric into rectangles of the same size.
Add a few barrettes to keep your hair in place.
Let your hair sit for about an hour.
Memorize the number of makeup brush strokes for consistent coverage.
Consider tucking in a few comfort or entertainment items.
Help scars fade.
Store the rose water in the refrigerator.
Read a book about your development.
Oil your hair lightly for daily treatment.
Open the iCloud website.
Finish with more texturizing spray.
Add open-toed clogs to your spring-ready outfit.
Get a trim every 8-12 weeks to keep your hair healthy.
Cut a square and a rectangle out of a piece of lightweight fabric.
To use, massage a small amount onto your feet at bedtime.
Before getting out of the shower, rinse your hair with cold water.
Get a face peel if you’d like to try a chemical-based option.
Patch up the hole in the middle of the umbrella fabric.
Shop at discount retailers, thrift stores, and consignment shops.
Mix in the witch hazel and rose water.
Move around.
Hang your leggings out to dry.
Sew a zigzag stitch along the jean edges.
Set up the bath.
Feed your skin omega-3 fatty acids.
Decide if you are absolutely ready and comfortable enough to wear one now.
Use a hair mascara if you want to cover only a few grey hairs.
Ask about Accutane/Roaccutane treatments.
Create a messy part for carefree, casual styles.
Style your hair with a hat.
Use light oils.
Remove the clips and release the curls.
Tie the three lengths together at the top.
Create notes for each day of the month.
Weave the loops.
If you decide to wear a satin camisole, wear a suitable jacket over the top.
Wipe away eye crust.
Add the final touches.
Add the borax to the water base.
Two pieces are for your lining one for the out side of the bag.
Add some accessories to your bun.
Think about the price.
Find the top center of your top flap, and add a Velcro square.
Don't color your hair.
Put on a statement necklace to elevate your look.
Use a protein treatment, deep penetrating conditioner or moisturizer.
Pour the mixture (the scrub) into the bottle.
Clean fresh wounds regularly.
Write a task or goal on each piece of paper.
Buy shaving soap and a brush online or in most stores.
Pour the blended mixture into a bottle or jar.
Line your eyes with black.
Add heel grips.
Collect the ingredients together.
Double check your pattern positioning, the number of cloth layers, the number of pattern pieces you are cutting, etc.
Wear the cross-body bag at waist level for an on-trend look.
Make a Old Deuteronomy style wig.
Clean them as you normally would.
Let the pin curls set for at least an hour.
You now have a folded shirt.
Dip the tip of the brush into the foundation.
Choose skincare products that are formulated for your skin type.
Rub the soap, oil, or toothpaste into a damp washcloth.
Wait at least three hours before removing the bobby pins.
Get wet!.
Blusher is a must for this look, even if you have naturally pink cheeks.
Set a designated time for emails and voicemails.
Repeat the process for your other eye.
Find a belt that won’t take over your midsection.
Apply blusher.
Carry your necessities in a briefcase or bag instead of your pockets.
Slip the loop over your head.
A jacket which ends just below the bottom is the perfect length for a tall man.
Crack the egg in a bowl, then add each remaining ingredient.
Clean up the rest of your face if any powder is smudged there.
Keep the shoe in a cool, dry place in the original box.
Keep a backup pair of shoes with you.
Try a new hair color!.
Untie the temporary knot to finish your first corner.
Lay the hanger down so it is flat, creating your first fold.
Twist a section of hair into a bantu knot.
Apply the red nail polish.
Consider buying a statement coat.
Fit your shoes to your larger foot if they aren’t the same size.
Check to see if it might be ringworm.
Be kind to your bartenders.
Take care of yourself.
Practice deep breathing.
Take steps every day to keep the rooms in your home organized.
Smile and laugh as much as possible.
Exercise regularly to stimulate blood flow to your hair follicles.
Place your shampoo and washcloth in the shower area.
Stuff scrunched up newspaper or sock balls into the tennis shoes for a few hours.
You can even motion as to rub an aching forehead.
Take care of your skin!.
Condition your hair every day.
Make sure your sweatpants are clean before you leave the house.
Opt for a top of a different texture.
Be Clean.
Take your vitamins.
Opt for half-eye frames if you want to wear them all the time.
Continue to French braid until you reach the upper braid.
Scroll down and tap Date & Time.
Place pillows in front and behind you if you're sleeping on your side.
Have fun!.
Stop worrying what other people think about you.
Wear a helmet whenever you are pushing yourself.
Mix together the dry ingredients of the dry shampoo.
Dry your hair with a diffuser attachment to enhance waves.
Stack textured and woven bracelets to create a bohemian vibe.
Gently tie the straightened bottom half at the nape of your neck and let your top half down.
Opt for braided pigtails instead of twisted ones to avoid flyaway hairs.
Apply the concealer powder that best matches your skin tone.
Depending on hair thickness and type, use a brush or wide-toothed comb to detangle your hair.
Hold the cone like a pencil when your mehndi cone is full.
Know your measurements.
Use a foot deodorant.
Brush or comb your hair before you wash it.
Go without tights for summery styling.
Decide upon the fabric.
Don't forget accessories.
See a dermatologist if home treatments don't work to lighten your knuckles.
Keep your style simple and timeless.
Wear the bulkiest shoes when traveling.
Dunk your weave in the ammonia mixture for no more than 2 minutes.
Pour in a capful of fabric softener and begin the cycle.
Use facial oils.
Wear denim-on-denim for a late 90s look.
Get a Brazilian keratin treatment.
Go to local consignment stores.
Add an additional color to create a color-block effect.
Communicate your feelings to your stylist immediately.
Apply upward pressure from the low back outside the spine with both hands.
Go to the gas station during the day if possible.
Clean the toothbrush holder on a weekly basis.
Ask your doctor about steroid injections.
Consult a few professionals equipped for cosmetic tattooing.
Choose the drawstring.
Soak the flip flops.
Don't push yourself too hard.
Don’t buy hydrators with glycerin, urea, or propylene.
Unwind the coils.
Wrap two bands around your thumb and index finger.
Hang your shoes and laces out to dry.
Use silicone sealer if you want the socks to be waterproof.
Fold and press your binding to begin the process of finishing the armholes.
Talk to a mental health professional.
Pour the solution into a spray bottle.
Start with a clean face.
Avoid massaging around your ankles and near your pinky toes.
Leave the gel in for 10 minutes.
Rinse the shirt.
Buy a replacement band.
Check and see if the school's program is accredited, if this is a concern for you.
Fold the scarf in half lengthwise.
Don’t be surprised when your hair falls out.
Drape folded scarf over shoulder, with the non-folded end significantly longer than the folded end.
Twist the chunk away from your face into a tight rope.
Look for other ingredients that replace silicones.
Beware of a deal too good to be true.
Wear neutral brogues with a suit for a professional, traditional look.
Save activities for after the shower.
Study and support the free market system.
Cut the end of the ponytail using several straight snips.
Twist the ponytail a few times.
Click on the Diary module.
See a doctor if the change is drastic enough to cause concern.
Shape your eyebrows:.
Slather on the sunscreen.
Soak the strip in a bowl of water.
Relieve pain from bee or wasp stings.
Report any counterfeit lipsticks to MAC.
Try a perm rod curl.
Wash of with lukewarm water.
Wrap it low on the left side.
Use a product made especially for scratched lenses.
Blot the moisture on the outside of the goggle.
Now you can see how intense/bold your eyes are add a sweep of SUBTLE bronzer or SUBTLE blusher to the apples of your cheeks.
Be aware of the risks associated with surgical lip procedures.
Keep your make-up light.
Wash your hair: Hold the lemon half with the peel side out.
When scheduling your day include down time to allow for unexpected events that come up.
Sign up to be a product tester for the chance to try full-size products.
Get a jar of honey.
Smile: Nobody looks good when they are miserable.
Rub the stain with a dry cloth and some laundry detergent.
Wipe down the curler with eye makeup remover after each use.
Pat the necklace dry with a clean cloth.
Eat foods full of iron and magnesium to improve the health of your hair.
Have the area professionally waxed for longer lasting results.
Use no-wrinkle sprays from a reputed company.
Layer skirts and dresses over leggings and tights.
Pick an aerosol shampoo for convenience.
Avoid picking at pimples or dry patches of skin to minimize scarring.
Eat a diet low in carbs and trans fats.
Combat dandruff.
Remember that less is more.
Add a belt to your ensemble to create a waist in a loose-fitting long shirt.
Try to figure out what kind of skin tone you have.
Spin your brush around your soap to create a lather.
Buy natural tones that will go with everything.
Unplug the plug.
Style the longer part of your hair, if desired.
Photocopy the design that you wish to use.
Dry clean wool, mohair, and cashmere shirts.
Add essential oils if you want to add fragrance.
Boil 1 cup of water.
Split your hair into fairly equal sections and run the curling iron from the base to the tip.
If possible, buy a shoe stretcher.
Make sure your hair is clean, but not wet.
Sleep for 7-9 hours a night so you’re well-rested and look healthy.
Clean your ears and earrings.
Sew fake fur on all pieces of fleece.
Treat cellulite through exercise and special lotions.
Screw an eye hook into the joint of each hanger, except for the last hanger.
Cut out the fabric to the chosen size.
Opt for long drop earrings to balance out a round face shape.
Use sun block.
Prepare your eyebrows.
Cut the layer on the other side of your face the same way.
Get coconut water from whole coconuts.
Twist the hair tie and pull your hair through the new loop.
Rinse off the paste using warm water.
Think about the color wheel.
Wear rubber gloves when cleaning.
Wear skirts with layering or ruffles if your back brace has areas a skirt will hide.
Take classes to learn self, couple or baby massage.
Select the oil suited to your needs and budget.
Cut your finger nails properly and wash your hands with soap at least once a day.
Even if you have normal or good skin, you still need to take care of it.
Using a rat tail comb, section off the hair that you are applying the first extension, clip up excess hair, and apply the glue to the weft, then slowly apply the extension to your hair.
Enjoy yourself.
Use argan oil to treat stretch marks.
Make a second glove.
Use a suede eraser to remove discoloration from scuffing.
Remove stains or dirt from clothing.
Re-dye your lashes every few weeks.
Test the toner on your skin to see how it reacts.
Mix a honey mask for acne-prone skin.
Place a dry cloth over the stain on the outside of the shoe.
Try accessories for smaller artwork.
Buy a slip dress for a date-night option.
Soak your feet for 5-10 minutes in warm water.
Add a trendy bag to your outfit for a little flair.
Start with the rest of your makeup applied.
Run a dry sponge over porcelain or metal surfaces to catch hair.
Change the neckline.
Use coconut oil as a cuticle oil.
Buy a new perfume, something fresh and sweet smelling.
Make friends with guys if you can.
Clean, cut, and shape your nails.
Position your shears at an angle pointing upwards under the twist.
Buy 1 yard (1 m) of fabric.
Spray with hair spray and the rest is up to you!.
Loop a new band around the tines.
Mix for at least 10 minutes on high speed.
Repeat this coffee application twice a month to keep your hair black.
Go green!.
Spray your jeans.
Pour in 1 tbsp.
Repeat this method weekly.
Stay hydrated.
Consider keeping your nails short.
Consider the negatives.
Opt for styles that are comfortably loose but not saggy.
Sew in two buttons.
Try a short floral-patterned dress and dress shoes for a feminine effect.
Wrap the smaller fabric piece around the center of the bow.
Use a layer of petroleum jelly to hold in moisture and smooth lines more cheaply.
Twist your hair in sections to create waves.
Eat a healthy, balanced diet to promote hair regrowth with nutrition.
Wear tights to lengthen the legs.
As you keep scooping in, you will find a spring and tag will pretty much pop out.
Color your tips white with a whitening nail pencil for a quick fix.
Rinse off your face and tools when you’re done.
Wipe the flat side of the cabochon using paper towel or toweling.
Maintain good oral hygiene.
Push the segment to the side.
Pluck unwanted hair.
Pour the mixture into the center of a cloth.
Add a soft blush.
Confidence Boost!.
Turn the wallet right-side out.
Massage your client's face: Take some massage cream or oil, and apply it freely to your client's skin.
Make your mixture.
Wash your hair with warm water and mild shampoo, then condition.
Pick bright colours for an energetic look.
Have a friend drive you around.
Before fitting the top and after your white spirit wipe down, all that is needed is a strip of sellotape from just under the side curve of the one boob across your body to end in a matching point on the other boob.
Dip a small detailing brush into your concealer.
Pin one end of the saree to your left shoulder.
Put the square of tissue in your bra so that it fits inside the cup perfectly.
Go for a monochromatic look.
Wrap your hair after showers.
Ask for a “cold” perm to get tighter ringlets on any hair texture.
Wet your hair with cool or cold water.
Reshape sweaters if you accidentally stretch them.
Match your brogues to a colorful suit for a fun, modern combination.
Dye the outer half of your eyebrow.
Use clear storage bins.
Apply a neutral eyeshadow to the entire eyelid.
Makeup.
Wear a lariat backwards.
Let the ring air dry or pat it dry with a microfiber cloth.
Use a heat gun or blow dryer to soften the leather on the top of your shoe.
Always follow up with a high quality leave-in conditioner.
Keep your skin radiant with the Obagi360 System.
Purchase an electric hot comb with variable heat settings.
Make a mustache with your finger.
Find a new hobby.
Use a color stripper or reducer.
Choose bold jewelry if you want it to stand out.
Create a mini makeup kit.
Add mesh material to the outside of the purse for quick access.
Use a suntan oil.
The flat iron is not your best friend.
Your partner should begin working the floss back and forth under the nail.
Tie the strings behind you.
Add in other herbs.
Put on the overall shorts.
Search for a trauma counselor if you have body issues resulting from a trauma.
Apply lip balm, wait for 20 seconds, then apply lip gloss.
Blow dry your hair while you twist it around the brush to create curls.
Dampen a cotton ball with the lemon-rosewater  face wash. Open up your bottle of lemon-rosewater.
Wrap a pair of Dutch braids around your head for a braided crown.
Throw away damaged clothing.
Remove the clothing and pumice stones from the washing machine once the wash cycle is complete.
Use shoehorns to preserve the shape of your shoes.
Look for a yellowish color for dandruff.
Add 2 longer necklaces to make a trio.
Consult a doctor.
Replace the lid when you’re not using the nail glue.
Sleep in a circular pattern/fashion with your feet facing the same direction at the "center" of the circle.
Use the toothpaste.
Turn down the lights.
Use lip balm or petroleum jelly if you are applying glitter only.
Look for size charts that correspond to your specific measurements.
Use CIT on any part of the body.
Move your mouse around to generate a random code.
Use hairspray to hold the style in place.
Skip conditioner altogether or use volumizing products on oily, limp hair.
Consider surface piercings.
Cut your hemp.
Pull the earmuffs apart with your hands.
Secure the style with a great number of bobby pins until you are sure it will not come undone.
Have a great time.
Carefully apply henna to your skin.
Drink water to stay hydrated and avoid empty calories.
Place 1 part vinegar and 4 parts water along with your fabric in a pot.
Shop for organic hair care.
Find sources of inspiration.
Use herbal remedies.
Use skirt hangers for skirts and trousers.
Wash and rinse your hair.
Continue the process with the rest of the sections.
Wear a chunky necklace with your sweater to create a statement outfit.
Wash before and after a workout.
Wash the mask off and pat your face dry.
Make a list.
Use your powder.
Create your master list - this is simply a brain dump of everything you want/have to do.
Top off your style with a fun hat.
Do not use emotionally colored language.
Talk to your parents about the infection if you are under 18.
Practice your smile in the mirror.
Soak the shoes in warm water.
Sew the fabric along the path you created in the previous steps.
Beware of pungent foods.
Wear open-toed shoes or sandals.
Apply a top coat.
Find your waist circumference using printer paper.
Adopt a tart with heart hair style:.
Step into your modified bra and pull it up.
Line your eyelids with a saturated layer of liquid eyeshadow.
Place the wig on a Styrofoam wig head.
Cure the topcoat under the lamp for the recommended time.
Melt it to remove lumps.
Dress appropriately for every occasion.
Be careful when cleaning silver jewelry that contains precious gemstones.
See if it's greasy or dry.
Place the subpatch under the tear and secure it with fabric glue.
Wear heels or boots for a classy evening look.
Position your Samsung Galaxy Active Watch on your phone.
Adjust the straps to the appropriate length once your stockings are on.
Apply the paste gently in circular motions.
Go to a different salon if you're concerned about the application.
Click a bracelet pattern to learn more information about it.
Line up your waistband and triangle.
Add gold tips using acrylic paint.
Sew the pillowcase and tank top together using a ½ inch (1.27 centimeter) seam allowance.
Skirts: Short skirts are always in and they should go to a little above your mid thigh.
Add about 10 drops each of 1-3 of your favorite essential oils if you’d like.
Purchase a microfiber optical cleaning cloth.
Repeat yearly.
Following the directions that came with the soap you purchased, melt the soap in a large saucepan.
Bundle your formal headbands to use them when needed.
Get rid of split ends.
Rinse out the coffee mixture with water.
Use wax.
Decide how important the quality of a piece is.
Put it in a glass bottle (not plastic).
Trim the ends of your permed hair or the fishtail.
Fill a cup with warm (not boiling) water and allow your mascara wand to soak for 10-15 minutes.
Apply apple cider vinegar for a natural brightener.
Choose colors that flatter your skin tone.
Cut the hair deeper than 1 inch (2.5 cm).
Choose pants that skim the top of your shoe to lengthen your legs.
Buy some makeup.
Finish the hem.
Add pantyhose.
Whisk the ingredients together until they are evenly combined.
Sing a song to help calm your child's nerves.
Section off the top part of you hair.
Measure the circumference of your bust, waist, and upper arms.
Use colorblocking to create an eyecatching tablescape.
Consult a dermatologist or cosmetic surgeon.
Consider use of natural eyelash growth serums, like Fysiko Eyelash Serum or RapidLash, proven to provide rapid growth of eyelashes and eyebrows within 4-6 weeks with natural ingredients and peptides.
Add designs with cleat tape for a custom look that you can change.
Scent your drawers and closets.
Continue onto the second layer.
Do not use Vaseline as a moisturizer.
Weave strand D back through the other strands.
Use a cotton wool bud to slightly add a shine.
Hockey elbow pads are another piece of equipment that is not worn by many players and most definitely should be worn every time you are on the floor.
Put on a scarf to add a pop of color.
Use it to keep baby hairs or sideburns or your hairline in place.
Look for the phrase "guaranteed authentic Gucci bag.".
Let your florist know any details about your outfits.
Take a photo of your face every month to track the results.
Brush the hair.
Rinse hair until water runs clear.
Heat up the water.
Record the measurement without rounding the number.
Limit your hair's exposure to heat.
Keep your lips hydrated with a little lip balm.
Visit a dermatologist.
Curl 1 inch (2.5 cm) sections of hair at a time with a curling iron.
Apply moisturizer if you feel you need it, although the sugar and oil mixture should already have left your hands feeling lovely.
Fold both sleeves inward so they lay along the center of the folded shirt.
Watch your diet.
Remove laces.
Store them in individual cloth bags.
Carefully cut off any excess fabric, leaving a flap at the opening.
Make sure you can return or exchange the dress before buying it.
Decide if you want one pair of multipurpose boots to wear for all your work activities and decide how much you want to spend.
Get targeted liposuction to create back dimples.
Use a brush for powder.
Brighten your look by highlighting your brow bone and inner eye corner.
Ask your mother to alter your skirt differently than most wear it.
Use a gold-polishing cloth to remove fingerprints on a regular basis.
Pull the sarong tight against one side of your body, and stretch the sarong out away from your other side.
Try taking a biotin supplement.
If your underarms start to look dry and flaky, an easy trick is to exfoliate them with a gentle face scrub to keep that skin pretty when going sleeveless.
Enjoy yourself!.
Lift your hair at the crown.
Boost your bob’s volume with curls.
Know the local laws regarding voyeuristic photography.
Use just a pea-size amount of toothpaste on a zit.
Cut out excess spongy area inside.
Hold a fancy handbag.
Wrap a strand of hair around your hairband.
Pair a brightly-colored blouse with green jeans for a classy look.
Try to visualize how much room your necessities will take up in your suitcase.
Finish with anti-humidity spray.
Roll each of the side sections.
Be well educated.
Soak the dyed area in warmed milk if the henna is still there.
Give your hourglass form some room to breathe with loose palazzo pants.
Apply your chosen moisturiser.
Consider your clothes.
Turn the jeans inside out.
As you twist the comb/brush make sure your hair is being twisted along with it.
Clean your brush once every 2 weeks to remove product buildup.
Gather the needed materials.
Curl the next section.
Soak the clothes thoroughly with water.
Purchase your diamond ring.
Apply in circular motion.
Exfoliate your skin in the area where you will apply the self-tanner.
Cut the sleeve open.
Tan your skin without the harmful rays.
Make sure the products you use are all OIL FREE.
Decide whether or not you want it whipped.
Buy a glass etching abrasive designed for glass art projects.
Keep your surroundings clean.
See a dermatologist if you think you have psoriasis.
Use balm to shape your beard and cover patchy areas.
Buy hair stripper if you have previously dyed your hair.
Scrape any remaining wax with a spatula or spoon.
Scrub the entire brush.
Have a bath or shower.
Indulge in special self-care routines to pamper yourself.
Trim your cuticles if they are dyed.
Mix a 1:1:1 ratio of bleach powder, 10 volume developer, and clarifying shampoo.
Try a natural moisturizer.
Style your hair with light, non-greasy products, like pastes and creams.
Smell your perfume sample twice.
Add 2 US tbsp (30 mL) of 3% hydrogen peroxide to the container.
Wash your white clothes in hydrogen peroxide to brighten them.
Pull the excess wax free as it loosens.
Disable the automatic timezone setting.
Apply a small amount of hair product to damp hair.
Condition your hair well.
Choose small hats or hair accessories when you wear your glasses.
Visit your doctor if sweating or body odor interferes with your life.
Dip rubber banded ends of t-shirt into desired colors.
Choose the design that you want to bleach into the shirt.
Make beads.
Include probiotic foods to promote good bacteria.
Opt for a gel, shellac, or acrylic manicure if you want artificial nails.
Style a half-twist fishtail braid for an elegant look.
Use your thumb to relieve pressure in tight or sore areas.
Toss out the towel and use an old T-shirt instead.
Determine some possible solutions for your problem.
Keep your hands away from your eyes during the day.
Choose mid-rise jeans to accentuate your hips and define your waist.
Rinse off completely with warm water.
Pick an outfit that is stylish but will keep you warm.
Look below at the Things You'll Need.
Cut a hole for the twist button.
Repeat the above steps to create your inverted fishtail bracelet.
Mix the dye with a 20-volume developer in a bowl.
Secure with a hair elastic.
Know that it’s normal to bleed a little.
Stroke the cheeks across the cheekbones and gradually work down the face to the chin.
Make a headband roll-up.
Prevent uncomfortable rubbing with leather conditioner or friction block.
Proceed to fold as normal.
Make your ponytail.
Instead of tearing off your nail when it breaks, put a tiny dab of Super Glue over the split, and paint a generous layer of your favorite nail polish shade over it.
Use your fingers and a round brush to help style your hair.
Wrap your ring in a soft cloth when storing.
Determine if you’re a good candidate.
Make sure your friend time isn’t distracting from alone time.
Have good manners and avoid dirty habits.
Mix it all together with a fork.
Incorporate a wedding headband into a tucked chignon.
Prevent your safety glasses from steaming up with ventilation or an anti-fog coating.
Get out all the clothes you want to take and organize them like this:.
Fill in the stencil.
Focus on the things you like about yourself, inside and out.
Mix it all and pour it back into a container.
Eat a healthy diet.
Keep your clothes smelling good even in storage.
Freshen up a few times a day.
Remove earrings.
Add just enough distilled water to the mixture so that the grated soap starts to stick together when stirred.
Pair your camel coat with a black dress and pearls for a glamorous look.
Make a baking soda mixture.
Apply makeup if you like to wear it.
Buy your work boots from a reputable brand, within your budget.
Use a brow comb.
Simmer.
Begin a new row using the same technique.
Assign different tasks to family members.
Find a therapist that's good.
Suggest an alternative.
On days when your hair annoys you the most, make a ponytail or use pretty pins, scrunches, etc.
Create a V-shaped part and pull back the rest of your hair.
Always wash your face at night.
Make a lotion bar.
Measure from their shoulder to their elbow to find the midpoint.
Place them gently into either a plastic shopping or brown paper bag .
Fake freckles with brown eyeliner to draw the attention elsewhere.
Glide the same stone along the upper part of the client's back and along the neck.
Secure the tips of your hair with as second hair band and/or bobby pins.
Spray on your hair.
Take note of how long the treatment lasts.
Adding fragrance (optional).
Massage the hair oil into your scalp and then wash it out after 1 hour.
Repeat with the rest of your hair.
Repeat with the second glove.
Your portfolio is now complete!.
Open page setup.
Relax your shoulders and lower your head to gently stretch your neck.
Throw away regular makeup sponges after one use.
Create a braided twist updo.
Use makeup that won't cause your face to produce more oil.
Protect your hair from heavy clothing.
Avoid dyes and chlorine when you have a perm.
Try hair-boosting vitamins.
Buckle the watch on.
Distress your jeans to turn worn patches into intentional design spots.
Avoid exposure to sunlight.
Be true to yourself, not passing trends.
Sew very closely around the perimeter of the waistband, sewing all four sides consecutively.
Continue straightening the rest of the layer in a similar fashion before moving onto the next.
Apply deodorant and choose something other than dry crumbly brands that ball up and fall out of your shirt during the day.
Keep wrapping your hair until it's covered to your liking.
Stir the ingredients thoroughly.
Look polished with a fitted jumpsuit in dressy fabric.
Fill tub with warm water.
many people may not follow these rules and still consider themselves Tznius but this is incorrect you cannot adjust Tznius to your standards, this is the minimum you can do while still being tznius.
Apply sunscreen to your face when you’re outside during the day.
Give off a cheerful disposition.
Be safe online.
Pick a pair of boots with embellishments for a hint of femininity.
Breathe through your nose.
Highlight with an illuminator.
Take a sugar scrub bar, and massage your legs with it using small, circular motions.
Wait 2-3 minutes.
Shake well to combine.
Enjoy your look!.
Estimate how much money you have lost.
Consider the lighting when shooting in nude subjects.
Rinse your razor blade well after every use.
Twist all of your hair.
Start off with packing your clothes.
Finish your look.
See a plastic surgeon.
Invest In Some Good Winter Boots.
Apply all your makeup except for your eye makeup.
Don't overdo it.
Take your temperature if you feel you are running a fever.
Understand the consequences of a gum disease.
Use plain yogurt to clean your face.
Polish your other hand like you normally would and let it dry.
Avoid interrupting people while they're talking, or their opinion of you will be lowered.
Strain the witch hazel into a new jar.
Pair white shirts with black leather jackets.
Shampoo your hair with a mild shampoo...dove therapy is a good idea.
Put on the yukata.
Call your doctor if you develop a rash that doesn’t go away in 1 week.
Excite her.
Add 2 ounces rubbing alcohol for a preservative, or keep the product refrigerated for up to two weeks.
Rub  or spray a little on your hair 4-5 times a  week and let dry or use as a rinse after washing.
Get your hair trimmed regularly.
Wear a hat if you spend a lot of time in the sun.
Expect your hair will need touch-ups when it fades.
Add a nickel sized dollop of your favorite conditioner, to help apply the mixture more evenly to the hair.
See your doctor about any significant and persistent skin changes.
Sew the shoulders and sides of the vest leaving space for armholes.
Find something interesting to do while waiting for your hair to dry.
Try not to bite your lips.
Now squeeze as  much water possible from your client's hair (without causing your client discomfort) so that it's damp.
Pick up powder on the applicator brush.
Moisturize your under arms.
Make a honey mask for dark spots and scars.
Elevate your poncho with chunky heels.
Dedicate one drawer to each type of clothing.
Use blush to contour and sculpt the face.
Eat a nutritious diet or take a multivitamin to avoid vitamin deficiencies.
Check the ergonomics of your favorite places to work or study.
Say “money” not “cheese.” The reason you want to say “money” instead of cheese is that it forms your mouth into a more flattering position.
Choose your desired color and a natural material to make your dye.
Avoid heat-drying as much as possible.
Leave the fabric in the dye solution as long as you can, for at least an hour.
Use cosmetics to create more pronounced cleavage.
Tilt your head to each side to stretch out your neck and shoulders.
Remove the hot water from the microwave and add it to the emulsifying wax and olive oil mixture.
Use the heating power of the sun.
Cut a length of fabric.
Try filling your brows in with eye shadow for a softer look.
Reinsert the plug.
Wear your colored jeans with a silk top and leather jacket for a date night.
Tousle and flip your hair at the roots to give it some volume.
Apply polish in thin layers.
Avoid hot baths and hot tubs.
Wash hair with sulfate free shampoo or something similar (such as Pantene relaxed and natural).
Gently slide the rest of the cord into the pouch.
Throw the seeds away.
Shape your nails.
Prepare your work area by laying down old newspapers.
Pick out a simple outfit for the first day of school.
And voila!.
Get breast implants.
Spray the hair around the ponytail.
Place your left hand across your right hip to keep the sarong snug.
Tuck the collar of your sports coat under your chin while standing up.
Rinse your jeans with cold water.
Place 1 1/4 cup (282 ml) of water into the microwave and heat for 1 minute, or until it reaches a temperature of about 120 degrees Fahrenheit (48.8 C).
Contact the Artist(s).
Check the arms of the sunglasses for cracks.
See "Things You'll Need" below and obtain the needed supplies.
If you decide to have a music player, fountains or candles, make sure they can be turned off.
Line the bathtub with a plastic sheet.
Embrace your shape in flattering clothing that makes you feel confident.
Wear cotton-lined rubber gloves when cleaning or using chemicals.
Be on time and prepare yourself for long hours.
Make wavy parts for wavy braids.
Use q-tips to clean unwanted or smeared makeup.
Spend more time outdoors in the sun.
Walk around in the shoes to see how they feel.
Dip sections of the suit into the assorted colors you've selected.
Don't be annoying, a chatterbox, pushy, over the top dramatic, or fake.
Fill in the brows.
Mix equal parts of lemon juice and water in a cup.
Add sweater to tub and allow it to soak.
Get everything you need.
Take extra time with your hair and makeup.
Attach a tracker to important items and use an app to locate them.
Join a body image support group.
Draw two rectangles on a piece of cardboard.
Lay the pearls flat on a clean towel to dry.
Place the soap and water into a heavy-based saucepan.
Use brightening products if you have dull skin.
Use a dry cloth or towel to dry your legs and get any hair off.
Take your sewing needle and thread.
Continue cutting the rest of your hair.
Mash 1 avocado with coconut oil to make an anti-aging treatment.
Place the pumice stone on the skin at the hairline.
Blend on foundation.
Stick with slightly narrower palazzo pants if you’re curvy.
Carry a large bag to add some flare.
Wear it in a ponytail.
Store the fenugreek oil in the refrigerator and use it within 1 month.
Create a beautiful outfit with a long dress and dangly pearl earrings.
Make your first block.
Avoid using substitutes unless you are absolutely certain of what you are doing.
Start small and work your way up.
Practice posing and expressions in front of a mirror and by taking selfies.
Repeat the knot alternatively by changing the previous step's right to left.
Tilt your head and angle your body to accentuate your curves.
Add an accent braid to a mid-height ponytail.
Wet hair as a last resort.
Use warm water to open your pores.
Use deodorant and other scents to help cover up any odor.
Start with flowers, vines, and other simple designs while you learn.
Use a pencil eye liner or cream eye liner and line your eyes.
To start, if you are using colour, apply a good base coat.
You need light.
Apply interesting makeup.
Use tape to reinforce the spine and all of the edges.
Decide on your design or decorative theme.
Know the functions of your skin.
Connect the main water supply pipe to the free opening of the T-joint.
Go to a dentist if you have chapped lips and painful gums.
Leave your Sperrys out in the sun.
Pour the still-pliable thick liquid soap into a clean coffee mug and let it cure for several hours to a day.
Pair your boots with a nice blazer to give off an equestrian vibe.
Opt for a blunt cut for the most fullness.
Unwrap your item of clothing and rinse it out with cold water.
Dip a cotton bud in false lash remover gel.
Practice.
Lightly and quickly sweep both of your palms across your face.
Try a rice milk and honey hair wash.
Remove ALL of your makeup.
Fill a bowl with water and laundry detergent.
Consider wearing lightweight cotton, ankle-high socks as opposed to any other style/any other full-length sock.
Avoid giving out personal information.
Create any even number of strands you want.
Simmer the rose water and petals over low heat.
Put your lenses back in your glasses frames and put on your glasses.
Don't lick your lips.
Smooth the strip down, while applying a lot of pressure.
Massage your nose.
Pull the strap tight until the backpack rests against your shoulders.
Use clip-on cushions.
Cut straight across the tank top, ½ inch (1.27 centimeter) below the mark you made.
Choose a pocket watch if it fits your personal style.
Consider benefits and disadvantages of resoling your footwear.
Finish off your outfit with a clutch or small handbag.
Printed Chiffons.
Wake up with braids for a beach look.
Buy internal threads if you can afford them, especially if your piercing gets irritated easily.
Eat a hair-healthy diet to encourage growth.
Look for heavy zippers that zip smoothly.
Call to make an appointment.
Select a flowy crop top so you don’t feel as exposed.
Wipe off the tacky layer with an alcohol wipe.
Cross strand 4 under strand 1, then over strand 2.
Exercise regularly throughout the week to improve circulation.
Measure your head using a tape measure.
Start searching at least two months in advance.
Sew all the way around.
Try hanging an image above your bed before getting it tattooed.
Pull your hair into a ponytail.
Dry Hair.
Get your ears pierced.
Cut out a triangle pattern for your thong.
Visit https://www.bitaddress.org and save it to your desktop.
Clean your insoles and laces by hand in cool water with a mild detergent.
Braid until the nape of your neck.
Make date night warmer with leggings under your dress.
Wear makeup that is right for your skin.
Use as needed.
Wash your face twice a day.
Absorb the water with newspaper.
Ask about antibiotics.
Treat uneven skin tones with lightening ingredients.
Roll the socks in a towel and press the water out.
Avoid using anything with sulfates, parabens, and silicones.
Clean out dandruff.
Straight from the bottle:  Unscrew the cap from the vial/bottle.
Use a body scrub to exfoliate and soften your skin after a long day.
Try a tubing mascara if regular mascara isn't working.
Pull hair forward.
Decide which areas of your jeans you want to lighten.
Use a silk or satin pillowcase.
Pull the bottom of your pants up around the top of your boots.
Drape a light scarf around your neck to cover up a more risque dress.
Cast off.
Know when shorts/skirts are too high.
Figure out the width of the petticoat.
Prepare a ⁄4 inch (1.9 cm) elastic band.
Slip your phone inside the case, and adjust the fit as needed.
Apply an uncolored chapstick to moisten your lips before applying lip liner.
Avoid alcohol-based removers.
Consider gemstone rings.
Wear white leather brogues in formal situations.
Open up a latch hook and slide it under your cornrow.
Slide both ends of the necklace into the clip and secure.
Remember even girls on a budget can get the WAG look!.
Look at what you already have.
Use pliers for thicker gauges.
Avoid nicotine and alcohol.
Don't skip meals.
Buy a bolt of stretchy swimsuit fabric or Lycra.
Get a beard balm with tea tree oil if you have oily or acne-prone skin.
Use brow products that include the ingredient prostaglandin.
Call the doctor if your child’s condition does not improve.
Pass the weaving wire under the top warp wire and coil it twice.
Match your metals.
Buy clothes that make you feel confident.
Have someone measure from the crotch seam of your pants to the floor.
Do not clean your piercing with harsh chemicals.
Add some coconut oil.
Fold both pieces of felt in half and secure the sides with sewing pins.
Be prepared for some light skin peeling with normal usage.
Wipe each nail with nail polish remover.
Put on a graphic T-shirt for an edgy look.
Talk to your hairstyle about finding a new style.
Turn off the shower if you can, or maybe step out of it.
Dress conservatively if you have classic style.
For the final step of your blow-dry, spray hair spray onto your brush, and run it through strands from roots to tips.
Choose a pair of leggings, super skinny jeans, a jean skirt, or cut-off jean shorts.
Smile and be kind.
Accent your jaw with cosmetics.
Get your favorite foundation.
Undergarments should be washed every other day.
Don't waste time when you get home.
Compare the packaging of different brands.
Put on a loose camisole for an easy solution.
Limit your use of heat tools.
Attach the  jump rings in pairs.
Clamp your hair.
Pass the wire back through or under 2 to 3 beads, then snip it off.
Decorate.
Opt for a saline solution treatment to fade the color.
Line your upper lash line.
Invest in a suede eraser to remove almost all stains and watermarks.
Choose clothes that reflect you.
Select your preferred city.
Clip hangnails only to the base of the skin.
Find holographic paper online or at a craft store.
Work on the best parts of your personality.
Exfoliate and moisturize your lips.
Add a dab of highlighter just above your upper lip.
Spray just-painted nails with canola oil cooking spray.
Take the fabric you will use for the soles.
Drop the left strand, pick up a new one, and cross it over.
Use an iron on the hottest setting to iron the wet sections until dry.
Plan what kind of tattoo you want.
Remove jewelry before swimming or working out.
Stack two ponytails on top of each other.
Unfold the fabric and try on your homemade maternity pants.
Take some full fat milk and pour a little drop onto a cotton ball.
Use ring opening pliers to open the new CBR.
Hold the tool and fasten bracelet.
Launder new underwear before you wear it.
Find a book that is a little thicker than your eReader and about an inch (2.5cm) larger in length and height.
Stop salt from ruining your shoes.
Now place them in separate areas and bevel them.
Mix a non-toxic, vinegar pickle.
Gather your supplies.
Finish shaving your chest.
Know the potential side effects.
Sew extra fabric into the dress.
Secure the edges of the clutch with glue.
Pick up the finished jacket.
Once removed, hang the bra or lay flat on a dry towel.
Apply a small amount of white eyeliner to the waterline of you eye.
Find the inside seam.
Layering is a great way to add visual weight to the body.
Exfoliate your skin for a healthy glow.
Wash off with soap and warm water.
Carry a girlish purse with you.
Avoid letting your jewelry come into contact with harsh chemicals.
Mix mild dish detergent with warm water.
Choose a bag - By now you have covered outfit, shoes, face, hair and legs.
Soak your hair with clean water.
Check the Retail Box.
Repeat daily using either one of the methods.
Stick to using concealer; not foundations.
Get a referral for a dermatologist.
Wear comfortable but stylish shoes that you can slip on.
Add your dry shampoo to a container.
Repeat the process of parting and braiding a new section.
Wear a mini skirt that has been lying around forever.
Throw out polish that doesn't respond to treatment.
Ask for help with siblings.
Do not use petroleum jelly on burns.
Secure the two section of hair together.
Take a nourishing bath.
Plug in the hot glue gun and wait for it to heat up.
Repeat for the other side.
Tie off each thread securely.
Put a small amount of water in your mouth along with the paste.
Gently ease out the thread from the newly cut ends.
Curl your false lashes.
Mold sweater back into shape and then lay flat in a cool, dry area.
Let the mask set.
Know who should avoid treatment.
Choose a stylist who dry cuts to avoid having your hair cut too short.
Cover your head with a shower cap to trap in heat.
Keep yourself hydrated.
Pull each side of your hair into a pigtail in the position you would like your buns to be, make sure they are level and evenly placed.
Find a small bowl for your ingredients.
Twist your hair into a smooth updo if you have natural hair.
Wet your hair in the sink or the shower.
Slip into black shoes if you’re wearing cool or neutral colors.
Carefully pour the mixture into a silicon ice cube tray.
Take your umbrella out with you today.
See a doctor for avulsed nails.
Brush properly to avoid tearing your hair.
Use perfume to lift your mood.
Use any kind of shampoo.
Use your free hand to bend the headpin clockwise around the nose of the pliers.
Add 2 to 3 drops of camphor oil to a cup of rosemary tea, then use the mixture as a tonic for dandruff or itchy scalp.
Choose an outfit based on the dress code of the club.
Take good care of your skin.
The next side should be for clothes.
The tongue is going to be fully healed after about six to eight weeks.
Add 4 tablespoons of organic pumpkin purée.
Mix equal parts of the cocoa butter wafer and sunflower oil.
See your doctor at the first sign of infection.
You can accessorize your bikini with a pair of earrings, a chunky necklace or even a bracelet.
Read and follow the directions.
Pick clothes that compliment your skin tone, body type, etc.
Brush the powder over your brow bones and cupid’s bow to highlight your central features.
Now you are done!.
Be careful on slippery floors.
Polish your leather shoes.
Reunite with your old friends, but don't be afraid to meet new people.
Be sure of the fit.
Rely on herbs for a clean and healthy fragrance.
Pull on the tails to tighten the loop.
Wet your teeth before you smile.
Try different ponytail styles.
Fold pair of shorts in half and them place on top of fabric.
Get a professional spray tan to avoid streaks and spots.
Pull the drawstring tight, and tie it in a bow.
Wear make-up.
Wear trainers.
Use clove oil.
Choose simple accessories.
Get surgery to remove the keloid.
Next, lead the three strands through one Natural Howlite Bead and end with another knot.
Trim off any elastic outside of the knot.
Do all of your homework.
Pair a blazer with a button-down and jeans for a sophisticated outfit.
Create an open slit in the ruffle.
Give any unused perfume to a charity shop.
Unplug the transformer and dump the water.
Take stock of your current shoe collection.
Shampoo your hair and rinse it thoroughly.
Keep your make-up fair and youthful.
Keep your lashes oil-free.
Apply a light shade at the center of your rims.
Wear a white t-shirt.
Allow the sides and back to grow until they match the top.
Use colorful tabs to color-code your planner.
Apply a hair mask once a week to hydrate and strengthen your hair.
Use light, shimmery colors to highlight your eyes if you are fair skinned.
Consider a professional dental cleaning.
As the soap thickens, add essential oils for fragrance: orange and clove work well as a start.
Measure where you want to cut.
Stack basic folded hoodies in your closet or shelves.
Hit the beach wearing your pashmina as a cute cover-up.
Bring slippers and slipper socks.
Make the second block.
Create your hemline.
Get your pubic hair waxed.
Apply moisturizer and foundation (optional).
Make your brooch into a necklace to make it more versatile.
Spend more time outdoors.
Consider covering your shoulders with a towel.
Go without underwear to avoid adding bulk.
Look for swimsuits with shirring or supportive lining.
Soothe razor burn.
Tie the strands into another knot.
Pair it with sleek shoes.
Pat the wand dry with a clean paper towel.
Clean off any excess makeup from your cheeks.
Make a closure by taking a small strip of fabric about 8" long 3-4" wide.
Visit your pediatrician.
Check your bristles for wear regularly.
Add the tincture of benzoin, followed by a few drops of essential oil (rose or lavender work best).
Refresh your jacket with shower steam.
Eat protein.
Get a haircut with long layers.
Wear suspenders that match your shoes if they’re both made of leather.
Avoid adding other household cleaning products, such as window cleaner.
Don't scratch your helmet itch.
Elevate your head.
Repeat previous step with the next closest string to the tie-around strings.
Do final trimming.
To use, dip a shaving brush into very warm water and then whisk the brush in the coffee mug to create loads of lather.
Fold your clothes or hang them up on a hanger.
Pick dresses a size larger than normal.
Once you are done, wrap the streaks in some foil.
Let the mixture sit on your hair for 2-2 1/2 hours.
Bring the hair dye home.
Grind the almonds in a food processor.
Make a plan for afterward, like rewarding yourself with an ice cream or something of the sort.
Touch up the corners and edges with a lipstick brush.
Make a sugar-based scrub exfoliator.
Do the same with the left flap.
Leave some conditioner in your hair.
Reduce your stress and anxiety.
Place the infinity scarf around your waist.
Allow the mixture to dry.
Get into the shape you're most comfortable with.
Work the mask through your hair.
Trim your quiff about once a month.
Reshape your wardrobe to evolve it into you.
Participate in fashion shows for curvy models.
Think of other considerations.
Hair Cut.
Try a lightening cream.
Wash most sweaters by hand.
Contact the Mobile Massage Service.
Throw or give away all your broken jewelry.
Get free samples when you buy online from stores like Sephora.
Rinse and dry the jewelry.
Get enough protein.
Default towards organic deodorants.
Get your piercer to change it for you, if your piercing is not yet healed.
Once the entire jacket has been coated with the conditioner, crumple up the jacket with your hands.
Help your children learn to respond to questions about nudity.
Stimulate your hair follicles with regular facial massages.
Straighten the arms of plastic glasses to reduce irritation.
Take the laces out of the bleach soak and wash then wring them.
S-M-I-L-E!.
Comb your hair out.
Purchase and install a blanket sleeper zipper-flap onto the garment.
Slip the wire part-way through the bend in your bobby pin.
Adjust your dress form to the correct height and measurements.
Brush the dye onto the mid-length or ends of your hair to freshen up the lower portion.
Ask the doctor if you have a metal allergy.
Take an over-the-counter pain medication if your black eye is painful.
Choose jewelry that complements your dress.
Find a good tailor or seamstress (optional).
Accessorize for the right effect.
Glue a flat backed safety pin onto the back of the shape.
Attitude is the most important thing.
Pull your hair up into a bun.
Avoid elaborate jackets or coats with sequin pants.
Wash your hands before inserting a tampon.
Check the pockets for loose items.
Add some cocoa powder for anti-aging benefits.
Tie your twists up before exercising.
Ease into it.
Modify if needed.
Avoid turning in the wallet to a business.
Braid or pineapple your hair before going to sleep.
Next, apply the medium shade onto just your actual eyelid.
Clean the shoes using a shoe brush or damp cloth.
Add a mashed up banana to the egg yolk.
Wash with soaps that are low in acidity.
Seal the bag by either zip locking or folding the top over.
Grow it out.
Use a protective spray.
Go for t-shirts for the first layer.
Apply leather shoe conditioner or saddle soap.
Apply a top coat to protect your acrylic nails.
Borrow something from a friend.
Add a top coat to seal in your wonderful design and to give it a glossy finish.
Try to look older than you are, but ask your mother if this is the best course of action to take first.
Slide a boot tree into a faux leather shoe to reshape it.
Drink around 6 to 8 cups (1.5 to 2 liters) of water each day.
Wear red lipstick for a bright, flattering touch.
Wear one piece of statement jewelry at a time.
Wear gloves when dying your hair.
Drop phone into the mesh section of the bag and you are ready to go.
Squirt dye onto the sack, using a different color for each section.
Stay hydrated by drinking 8-10 glasses of water every day.
Eat Greek yogurt.
Apply a small amount of hand soap to a damp cloth.
Dip your head slightly as you get out.
Dilute the lemon juice.
Wrap your hair in a cloth or scarf at night.
Rub a pumice stone on the bottom of your foot (the one taken out from the water), concentrating on the roughest areas.
Limit the jewelry’s contact with harsh cleaning products.
Fill your lips in with lipstick.
Apply another layer of clear top coat every few days even if you don't have any chips in your polish.
Whip everything together using a hand mixer.
Pair your coat with denim shorts and a button-up shirt.
Apply, if necessary, a second coat of white polish.
Make a basic shampoo by mixing 1/2 cup of water with 1/2 cup of castile soap.
Apply body lotion when you get out of the shower.
Add your eyeshadow.
Keep your personality the same.
Put on costumes and facepaint.
Ask for more photos.
Never use bleach.
Sterilize the bottle (you can do this by putting it in the microwave).
Maintain a healthy lifestyle.
Learn who you are.
Moisturizing isn't just important for your face.
Hold a wooden painting palette to add to your look.
Don't get rid of sentimental jewelry!.
Scallop the edges.
Pin the rest of your hair and let the curls sit overnight.
Add coordinating ribbon and mini flowers to the handle, if desired.
Tie the two cords together with approximately 2 inch (5cm) tails.
Get plenty of physical exercise.
Now that your remedy is ready, label the bottle (if it is a mixture).
Use metallics to convey a wild personality.
Apply 1 coat of mascara.
Let your hair fall to one side of your face.
Locate a small, thin plastic bag.
Place bowl in the refrigerator to chill ingredients.
Consult a local jeweler before resizing a valuable ring yourself.
Understand the limitations of requesting an Uber on an Apple Watch.
Start with your usual skincare regime.
Fold the square scarf to form a large triangle.
Pin the hem.
Put on some moisturizer and admire your skin!.
Try a sheer top to accentuate your figure.
Grab a bowl and some warm water.
Iron your patch out.
Trim your leather.
Create a new calendar.
Wear clean, loose-fitted clothing.
Try it on to make sure the prosthesis fits in on all sides and that the neckline of the bra fits close against your skin and doesn’t gape.
Try to stay fit.
Add a nickel-sized amount of paste to your palms and rub them together.
Test the concealer on your veins if you'd use it for covering under-eye circles.
Sew a zigzag stitch to secure the sides of the 2 body pieces.
Focus on good fats.
Remember that there is no completely safe way to sun tan.
Enjoy your sweetly scented, soft hands!.
Allow the felt to air dry.
Research popular dances.
Use less makeup.
Avoid all chemical and mechanical cleansing methods.
Press the second button to reset the chronograph.
Break up the eye shadow so that there are no more lumps left behind.
Clean your space regularly.
Make cuts elsewhere in your budget.
Give yourself a manicure once a week.
Remove the caps at the end of each arm.
Go natural.
Use the rollers.
Casually walk out with your cross-body purse like nobody's watching you.
Finish with a mist of hairspray.
Choose a design that will cover your old tattoo completely.
Cover your hair with plastic wrap or a disposable shower cap.
Consider laser hair removal for a permanent fix.
Name your Perfume bottle(or print it)and enjoy !.
Part your hair in preparation for the crown braid.
Run or get away.
Use regularly, especially when your skin is dry.
Remove tights carefully.
Rub the tattoo with baby powder.
Choose the size that fits your nail the best.
Wash your hair, but don't condition.
Substitute dry shampoo with setting powder.
Use endpapers.
Learn which colors are most difficult to maintain.
Stand the toothbrush upright.
Be sure to clean washing machine after dyeing in it.
Check the functionality.
Mix it with honey and milk.
Choose a long necklace to wear with your turtleneck.
Braid the other section of hair.
Have your client lie down on a clean bed with clean sheets and pillow.
Be honest if someone notices.
Choose the essential oils that you would like to add to your lotion, and then add 24 to 36 drops to the emulsifying wax and olive oil mixture.
Apply the cream at night before you go to bed.
Cut the cardstock into a 3 inch x 3 inch/7.5cm x 7.5cm piece.
Organize your electronic files.
Keep in mind that if you don't want to buy a prom dress online, you can always get one from a store.
Select a sock.
Trim your beard.
Roll the shirt.
Wear basic clothes.
Slide a stretchy headband over the crown of your head.
Use a broking service for exchange-traded funds (ETFs).
Braid the scarf into your hair.
Start with a liquid foundation.
Select a suit made with a polyester blend.
Remove the clip, and iron the top layer.
Research the cleansers use are using(or are planning to use).
Adopt a positive attitude so you give off good vibes.
Look sleek with a low ponytail.
Go to the salon if your nails are in really rough shape.
Listen to a song while brushing.
Find at least 5 things about yourself that you like, and think about those when you get down.
Avoid foods that can cause body odor.
Put on the plastic gloves.
Use a pale pink blush and apply to the apples of your cheeks.
Wash your face before styling your bangs.
Get a dress or two.
Try doing this at night because of this next step.
Keep the eyeliner colors close to your eye-lash line, sticking to blacks, greens, and blues.
Get creative with the fabric inside the box.
Tumble-dry your puffer jacket on low-heat.
Create an outfit for a night out.
Use an ice cube to smooth the surface of the adhesive.
If you have plain and boring clothes, wear some jewelry with it.
Let your hair dry naturally or if in a hurry blow dry using less heat.
Accessories: Keeping accessories to a minimum is the smart way to go, but if you are going to wear some, here's how to go about it...
Microwave your soap for 5-10 seconds on each side to soften it.
Select eyeshadow.
Tape your toes together to relieve pressure on your feet.
Put on a shower cap and wait 1 hour.
Smell the shampoo before you buy it.
Offer a variety of different types of art, to demonstrate an ability to work with different mediums.
Enter a topic you’re curious about.
Consider adding the following ingredients to the wrap.
Use a nail brush or toothbrush to get under your nails.
Avoid harsh cleaners.
Apply a bit of bronzer/blush to your cheeks to give yourself some colour.
Clip the hair around your face out of the way.
Begin with an exfoliating cleanser for the face.
Invest in a quality pair and avoid cheap heels.
Wash away any excess dye.
Use the bathrobe to help you get dry after bathing or showering.
Take the long strip of bag handle fabric and fold it in half lengthwise with the right side facing out, and press.
Apply a base of clear coat.
Add whiskers if you want them.
Wait to shower until the next morning so the tan stays put.
Use hair removal cream.
Consider isotretinoin.
Call your piercer for mild problems.
Massage hand and arm.
Get medical treatment if you have a severe reaction to a skin care product.
Paint the cardboard pieces using spray paint or acrylic paint.
Weave in the ends.
Exfoliate your skin.
Buy your sneakers from reputable sources.
Apply Razor Bump Cream: In a circular motion, gently apply the Alpha Mane Razor Bump Cream to the affected area on your skin.
Place the monocular in its case.
Wear a hat if you'll be in the sun.
Wear your hair up if needed.
Fold the long edges of the fabric into the centre, and press - this will activate the adhesive in the fusible fleece and bond it to the fabric.
See a dermatologist.
Work hard in school.
Tie the handkerchief around your head.
Attach the clasp.
Choose a shoemaker.
Pair a V-neck top and clutch for a nice date night outfit.
Follow a diet high in omega-3s and vitamins.
Add more fragrance, if needed, the same way.
Dress comfortably.
Let the nail polish dry before heading out into the sunshine.
Learn how to do your makeup.
Attach hooks to your earrings.
Set the freckles.
Lay the front pieces on top of the back piece.
Rinse your skin to remove the dye.
Follow with a cleanser for acne if required.
Wear your white T-shirt under a dress or a jumpsuit to enhance comfort and style.
Wrap the right strand around and between the 2 middle strands.
Set your straightener to a lower setting.
Turn the paper over and fold in the sides to make the hat the right size.
Stay out of direct sun as much as possible.
Reduce puffiness and add a healthy glow with a dash of cinnamon and nutmeg.
Sleep on your bun, then pull out the sock bun and hair elastic.
Break in stiff, unyielding spots manually.
Ask about topical medications.
Place the cotton ball or pad where you want to apply the bleach.
Leave the mask on for three to five minutes.
Use makeup remover wipes only once you've lifted off the glitter.
Scrub away any scuff marks.
Put your hair in a high ponytail.
Get electrolysis.
If using for a parade, or you want to look good when not on patrol or in the field, then get a soft yellow cloth.
Understand the Difference Between Lidocaine and Benzocaine.
Set the denim's dye with vinegar.
Add touch of lip gloss to center of you lips, if desired.
Use a deodorant.
Finish up.
Measure from the wheels to the top of the handle for height.
Look at the different bracelet patterns.
Hold the looped bracelet in place with a paper clip.
Be wary of low priced lipsticks or “packaged deals.” If you find a deal on a MAC lipstick that seems too good to be true, the vendor is probably selling knockoffs.
Stir in ½ teaspoon of agar agar flakes.
Get medical treatment if your dandruff is severe or doesn’t respond to home care.
Place the boot band zip next to the zip on your boot.
Use a cotton ball or pad to apply petroleum jelly around your eyes.
Lay a black item of clothing out on a flat surface.
Wrap the compress in a towel.
Talk to people.
Sew the elastic.
Place the Apple Watch's back against the charger.
Allow the mixture to cool to room temperature.
Protect your hair from the sun.
Watch for common side effects.
Avoid touching or playing with your hair when it is dry.
Pour some honey into the mixture.
Pleat your dupatta and pin it to your right shoulder.
Fix nails when problems arise.
Opt for a vest that’s no longer than hip length if you’re petite.
Melt your beeswax and butter in a small saucepan.
Massage their clavicle.
Create two 20 inch strips with tape.
Pull your hair into a top knot.
Be prepared.
Continue to wrap your hair in sections.
Buy a full-coverage or full-figure bra with cups large enough to completely cover your prosthesis (fake breast).
Instead of a traditional backpack, try a shoulder bag with a long strap, or one of those alternatives to plastic bags, which can be found at H&M, Forever 21, Target, etc.
Match your eye shadow to your eye color.
Reapply products throughout the day if you need to tame frizz.
Apply a fake tan to darken pale skin.
Make a frizz-reducing mayonnaise mask by adding an egg white.
Get a full night’s sleep to prevent thinning hair.
Simmer the clothes in the dye for 1-8 hours.
Also you may want to keep some nail things such as nail files or clippers if that occasional hangnail pops up.
Cut out the drawn shape.
Choose colors that are relaxed.
Find the classic colors that work best with your complexion and eye color.
Dress appropriately for the occasion.
Buy some essential oils that you would like to use in your moisturizer to provide aromatics.
Clean your grill daily.
To remove ink stains, spray a fair amount of hairspray on the ink, let it sit for a a couple minutes, then put it straight in the wash. For leather items put petroleum jelly on the damaged area, let the jelly sit for 2-4 days, wipe the area.
Consider undergoing laser hair removal.
Spray alcohol mixed with water inside your boots to stretch the calves.
Roll the bottoms of your pant legs up once, about 2 inches (5.1 cm).
Pursue a focused treatment plan.
Once your bath is filled, put on a shower cap or pull your hair up into a bun (if you need to).
Mist your hair with a styling product.
Brush a clear nail strengthening product on your nails every day.
Place your suit jacket on top of your pants.
Wear sunscreen whenever you’re outdoors.
Schedule blocks of work time.
Keep shirts folded for as short a time as possible.
Brush your teeth and your tongue.
Clean your skin with soap and water.
Put cleansers on a cotton pad to avoid disturbing your extensions.
On top of the eye pencil, use a white eyeshadow on the corner of your eye.
Accept who you are and embrace it with confidence!.
Add a thin strand of hair to the section closest to your side part.
Trace a 3 in (7.6 cm) circle onto the back of the paper.
While holding left end, wrap the Obi around the waist 2 times.
Repeat the process to remove all of your acrylic nails.
Understand that there is a recovery process.
You will now be presented with the opening selection box, select "new drawing".
Cut off the excess hair at the bottom of the bun.
Look for coupons.
Stir in 1 cup (225 grams) of sugar.
Roll back and forth from your thigh to your hip.
Add some 90s signature plastic to your hair.
Cut along your bangs in a straight line.
Place the strip on your eyelid, positioning it as close as possible to your natural lashes.
Throw on a pair of sneakers for a stylish on-the-go outfit.
Peel the strips apart and set them on the towel wax-side up.
Pin and sew the sides of the sleeve pieces together.
Repeat the process for the other side of the client's head.
Visit Max Factor’s website.
Rinse with apple cider vinegar for shiny, deodorized hair.
Keep warm on cold winter days by donning a plush, soft robe.
Make the outfit pop with 1-2 accessories.
Get a manicure to complete your new style aesthetic.
Check the bridge of the bra.
Use lime to control hair losing.
Wear a wrap dress for an easy way to look professional.
Once a week use a deep conditioner, (follow instructions on the back).
Avoid hair products that contain sulfates and other harsh chemicals.
Use concealer.
Get informed and learn a little bit about cups.
Spray some body spray/mist onto your clothes before you put them on in the morning.
Brush hair daily.
Avoid picking at your tattoo until it's fully healed.
Try wide-legged pants.
Create an even base with foundation.
Now is the lip color.
Wear this style on cold days.
Allow the dye to process.
Glue an earring post to the back of the button.
Brighten your eyes with eyeshadow.
Adjust the shower cap and tuck any loose ends of hair into the shower cap.
Visit your doctor if you feel you might have a hormonal imbalance.
Grab a pile.
Avoid being in the sun when the UV rays are at their strongest.
Soak your ingredients.
Repeat the second part of the knot.
Massage the mixture gently onto your face, then allow it to dry.
Try cropped, wide-legged trousers with Chelseas for a work-ready outfit.
Don't wear baggy,too tight,low or dirty clothes.
Create a belt with your pashmina.
Add fringes.
Melt the coconut oil.
Know before you go.
Try a honey and aloe vera mask to soothe irritated skin.
Position the tip of your plastic henna cone over the skin.
Place the loose powder into the bowl.
Accessorize modestly.
Always be friendly and generous.
Apply your chosen cleanser suited to your skin.
Do winter Makeup.
Blot off excess moisture with a dry, soft cloth.
Unfollow social media accounts that make you feel crummy.
Pin the curl to your head.
Buy a quarter yard of fabric.
Sew the bottom with a ⁄2 inch (1.3 cm) seam.
Apply a final layer of polish.
Reach out to your friends.
Start with a clean scalp.
Remove salt deposits from the lens.
Apply a simple, natural blush.
Blend the powder in with the brush.
Send a message by putting pins on your backpack.
Wear a smart suit.
Place your shoes on a work surface covered in old newspapers.
Add some stick deodorant, (NOT antiperspirant!).
Dry the sponge.
Fold and iron the hem.
Use two hair ties if your ponytail is drooping.
Give your skin regular attention in the long-term.
Remove knots from dry hair.
Cut some material to make a strap.
Let the fabric air-dry.
Visit a lingerie shop!.
Opt for conservative but tasteful accessories.
Stick to a budget, such as $5 or less for one item.
You should wash your face in the morning and at night.
Consider the price.
Blend the two guidelines together.
Be aware of side effects.
Choose a bag of ice or a gel pack.
The unmatched suit is a great way to cut the vertical lines of the tall man's silhouette.
Select a quality hair dye.
Keep accessories minimal for a simple summertime look.
Make a bow and sew it near dog's neck.
Do your eyeshadow now.
Spice up a suede jacket with statement slacks.
Put on cowgirl boots and you're ready to jump on a horse or accompany your date to the Sadie Hawkins dance in style.
Use a cotton swab to clean up extra dye.
Set a beard length goal.
Have the watches serviced by a professional to preserve their value.
Wear a smile.
Don’t take activated charcoal to treat poisoning yourself.
Get out detergent, oil, or toothpaste.
Keep stress under control to prevent hair loss.
Start practicing a non-girly sport.
Stitch up the rest of the seams.
Place the cellophane over the crepe paper.
Add lip gloss to the center of your lips to add shine.
Consider growing out your hair slightly.
Find a licensed electrologist to remove hair.
Do this until you are satisfied with its texture.
Separate your hair into sections starting from bottom to top; almost like you're flat ironing your hair, but split into two.
Try a jaw-length bob for fine-textured wavy curls.
Use sunscreen after applying glycolic acid.
Repeat until you reach the end of the bracelet and it is long enough to go around your wrist.
Stick to simpler but more versatile choices.
Use it as a replacement wand.
Create a bungee holder by attaching a piece of cord to a strip of wood.
Glue the piece of fabric to the sides and bottom of the shoe.
Powder time!.
Spread the paste throughout your hair using your fingers.
Pull your hair back into a messy bun and without combing tie your hair with a scrunchie.
Moisturize and protect your new cover up tattoo.
Pull the tape measure flat along the sleeve to the end of the cuff.
Label items with date of purchase.
Get a dry towel and dab or pat until dry.
Apply 6 to 8 drops of oil to saturate your hair from roots to ends.
Choose your friends wisely.
Run a hair dryer over canvas shoes.
Do your homework/assignments.
Research the seller before you buy.
Don't skimp when it comes to coloring.
Get a purse: A tote bag is overly common, and tends to repeat itself among people.
Highlight around the blemish.
Don’t rub your hair with a towel when it’s wet.
Clean the piercing twice a day to limit infection risks.
Try a double-denim look for a clean, matching outfit.
Consider box braids to create a timeless and easy care style.
Maintain your straightened hair by frequenting the salon after your roots grow out.
Section hair into four quarters.
Once you get to know the popular people of the opposite sex, and everyone in the group accepts you, flirt a little.
Brush off any dirt or dust on the boot, from heel to toe.
Practice good personal hygiene and grooming.
Start off with a clean face.
When desired shade is reached, a shade or two deeper than what you ultimately desire, allow washing machine to finish it's cycle.
Choose dried herbs to infuse the witch hazel.
Wrap your hair onto the first straw.
Sand the stain with a fine grit piece of sandpaper.
Perfect your makeup.
Cut the fabric into three strips.
One can never own enough cologne!.
Get highlights to add dimension.
Wear as a toga dress.
Repeat the process for the rest of your nails.
When you don't have a tank top with the same color of your blouse, you don't have to spend your money on buying tons.
+If your ears bleed or are infected, remove the new size and downsize to your previous size or smaller.
Fold the glove in half.
Buy a new cleanser, toner and moisturiser to keep your skin clear and fresh.
Create an effective routine.
Wash the bra using a mild detergent and a gentle cycle.
Add some fragrance with lemon and grapefruit essential oil.
Appreciate your education.
Try using conditioner before, not after, you shampoo.
Cut your fabric out using a pair of fabric scissors.
Face.
Consume grape seed extract.
Keep adding rubber bands.
Prepare your work surface.
Get a full night of rest.
Take your measurements.
Don't brush your hair a lot.
Stretch out your sweater out on a cork board and pin it in place.
Use a curling iron and bobby pins for a half updo.
Recycle them.
Stick to neutral colored pieces.
Healthy diet.
Determine the salon or store’s return policy.
Wear bright nail polish.
Wait two to three hours.
Once all the strings are gathered together, tie a regular knot at the top of all the strings.
Finish blow drying your hair.
Teach teenage hygiene in a classroom setting by explaining the anatomical changes a body goes through during puberty.
Clip on a bow to add a girly touch to your hairstyle.
Stir in 3-4 drops of rosemary essential oil.
Remember that different brands size differently.
Replace the tampon often to prevent toxic shock syndrome (TSS).
Ask your doctor to check for underlying conditions.
Use an experienced tattoo artist.
Wear your sheer dress over a bathing suit to go to the beach or pool.
Stick small purses inside of larger purses.
Communicate with your doctor.
Massage a primer into your skin.
Try to contact former students: There is nothing wrong with asking for references.
Try shopping at thrift stores and second-hand retailers.
Get out a huge bowl.
Wash both brows with the pre-wax cleanser.
Repeat this 3 to 4 times a week until your skin is even.
Avoid using harsh nail care products.
Wear as a one shoulder dress.
Try Layers!.
Use a wide-toothed comb to detangle your hair.
Make sure to take care of those pearly whites.
Taper the brow.
Wear a T-shirt and jeans.
Don’t be afraid of props.
Wear a high-neck bra for some added flair up top.
Apply bold eyeshadow colors.
Draw conclusions.
Stir the foundation until the texture is consistent.
Replace the tip every three to six months.
Be careful of tripping over your toes.
Read the measuring tape to get half of the sleeve width.
Extend close-set eyes with smokey shadow to emphasize the outer corners.
Apply shimmery eyeshadow over lip gloss for a one-time look.
Keep a pair of shoes handy for dirty jobs.
Go traditional with a chunky knit scarf and beanie in cold weather.
Shave or trim your face or body hair to create a clean look.
Balance your look.
Realize that your hairdresser sees many clients and won't have a photographic memory of your last cut.
Switch to a satin pillowcase.
Fill up with enough rainwater to cover the rosemary sprigs.
Look for an overnight lip treatment with ceramides.
Take your time applying your makeup.
Allow your child to watch TV, or play a game while sitting still.
Attach the earring by hooking the pin's hook through the earring's hole.
Measure the new hem and remove the old hem.
Rub dry surfaces in a circular motion with your fingers to gather hair.
Gather your hair low on your head.
Curl your hair with a sock or ribbon.
Outline your lips with lip liner.
When you reach the twist, lift the comb a little, bringing the hair from the side over the twist.
Order your corsage at least several weeks before the special event.
Moisten the hair gradually with water.
Apply yogurt to your face.
Clean with saline.
Moisten your skin.
Sport a T-shirt with shorts in warmer weather.
Apply more focused pressure to the neck.
Drink plenty of water to stay well hydrated.
Take care of your mental health.
Stay away from swimming pools.
Wait 10 to 15 minutes for the fading on the jeans to occur.
Press the lengthwise seam open.
Go to a MAC store or order lipstick directly from their website.
Don't pose too much.
Be smart.
Secure the strands.
Fix the flattened parts of your purse.
Clean the sun-glass lenses.
Make a mixture.
Wear a dress.
Use lemon juice and water to make a lightening hairspray.
Brush your heels with a suede brush.
Warm the oil slightly.
Fill-in your nails.
Rest your partner's head on a fur pillow and slip a smaller one under their knees when lying on their back.
Emphasize your eyebrows with an eyebrow pencil.
Examine them for scrapes and bruises.
Highlight your best features.
Choose gold jewelry to play up the warmth of your burgundy pants.
Consider storing your clothes vertically.
Take the damp index finger and apply a tiny dot of polish to the boot and work in till it shines.
Place a mini cookie cutter into a small lip balm jar.
Run a paddle brush through your hair, then pass a hair straightener through it, if necessary.
Choose earrings in bright jewel tones if you have a warm skin tone.
Eat a diet rich in hair-healthy nutrients.
Wear feminine pieces with green cargo pants for a military twist.
Pair slouchy boots with skinny jeans for any occasion.
Add the final details.
Add a splash of lemon to your water.
Cut mesh material to size.
Keep your shoulders open and your back straight for confident posture.
Use thick white laces.
Touch up your hair as needed, then mist it with hairspray.
Keep a lip balm in your bag and use it when necessary.
Pull your hair into a low ponytail.
Try a henna or airbrush tattoo.
Create a thin lather on your face to lock in moisture.
If you are adding a new item to your life, dispose of an old item.
Fill in patches.
Keep your look professional but not too formal for a work function or office party.
Add a ribbon or other embellishment to the completed knitted cover.
Increase functionality with pockets.
Move around the dressing room with the jeans on.
Soak the denim jacket in lukewarm water to get it completely damp.
Try almond oil.
Glue the sequins and gemstones into place.
Choose tight jeans with small pockets and heart-shaped seams.
Jewelry is a girl's best friend.
Add a closing mechanism.
Do not insult, gossip, or slander.
Pat black eyeshadow onto the center of your eyelid.
Use a finishing oil.
Pair this style with an ankle or mid-calf boot.
Apply a conditioning oil to your shoes if the outsides are squeaking.
Make vinaigrettes using olive oil.
Write down the measurement to the nearest millimeter.
Avoid wearing pencil skirts, skinny jeans, and other tapered cuts.
Think about placement.
Diagnose dry and rough feet.
Drink 2–3 L (68–101  fl oz) of water daily to keep your hair hydrated.
Add a closure to each end of the bracelet if you used regular wire.
Sit up straight while you are working.
Install a hair tools storage bracket on your bathroom cabinet or wall.
Use a curl-enhancing product.
Remove your jewelry before immersing yourself in water.
Remove ganda beroza from you fingers.
Tug each section to create the bubble effect.
Work with your tattoo artist on finalizing the sleeve design.
Cast on 40 stitches using number 8 knitting needles and number 4 yarn.
Tend to your toes.
Lay the sweater out flat.
Repeat the process for the beginning of the braid.
Make sure that the house/room that you are going to use for this "task" is spotless and pleasurable to be in.
Consider key markings from the 1970s.
Pair triad colors.
Test your makeup in natural light.
Dampen your bangs and blow dry them if they’re extra unruly.
Mix the finished coffee with conditioner and coffee grounds.
Skip shampooing your hair 2 times a week.
Try brushing eye shadow into your part for a quick fix.
Proceed to do your calm down activities in the house, that you were supposed to set up before you got yourself dressed for the evening hours.
Use toners with natural ingredients only.
Brush your teeth at least twice a day, and use mouthwash after eating.
Take supplements for thicker hair.
Apply jojoba to reduce oil on your skin.
Check with Levi’s historians if your vintage jeans don’t have a label.
Dance.
Meditation is also completely FREE!.
Resist the urge to touch your hair.
Wear chunky platforms or ankle boots for a cooler vibe.
Take your time if you are making changes in your life.
Take your hair down and make sure it is well combed.
Use 2 fingers to massage away knots between your shoulders and neck.
Add an accessory.
Wash your face less often.
Compare the application quality of different brands.
Wait until the mixture hardens, then carefully pop the cubes out.
Take supplements that may help tighten facial skin.
Do a vinegar rinse if you want to clarify your hair while you tone it.
Get your hair trimmed every 6-8 weeks to encourage curls.
Put on some music and make a tea.
Try a "loop" tie.
Trim to the left, then to the right.
Now it's time to add a good splash of colour.
Remove from the oven and allow to cool on a wire baking rack, as with real cookies.
Avoid swimming while your piercings are healing.
Add another hanging rod to your room.
Do an extra spin cycle if the leggings come out soaked (optional).
Apologize for concealing the tattoo from them.
Apply conditioner to your hair.
Use medicated topical creams.
Attach embroidery embellishments to the umbrella to add flair.
Swipe coconut oil over your eyes and face to remove makeup.
Wear a hat or scarf on your head.
Try shoes on towards the end of the day.
Know the process.
Keep your personal items by your side.
Mix the brown sugar into the milk and honey mixture until it dissolves.
Add some strappy sandals to your outfit to look cute in the summer.
Store the scrubs in the freezer when you are not using them.
Get electrolysis or laser hair removal to permanently remove hair.
See if you can pull off a choker.
Undergo laser therapy.
Enjoy your curls.
Pour into a clean container when brown.
Chop up two cool cucumber slices thinly.
Place your jeans in the dryer.
Dress to impress.
Notice the risks of skin cancer.
Understand that if you wash your hair it will return to normal.
Schedule your appointments.
Take supplements.
Place the massage ball on the floor under the arch of your foot.
Wear lighter jeans with a dark-colored dress shirt for a dressed-down look.
Cut a rectangle of your fabric.
Apply eyeliner and eyeshadow so your makeup is visible behind the lenses.
Repeat the process until you've wrapped all or most of your hair.
Have your child checked for dermatitis.
Cut the circle out with scissors.
Limit alcohol consumption.
Pick a traditional bikini if you have an athletic build.
Brush your hair every day!.
Fill the bottle the rest of the way with lemon juice.
Add product when you finish.
Wear a sweater dress with wedges for some cozy cuteness.
Check the color tab.
Slip pads or tampons inside your boots.
Static happens when moisture in the air is too low.
Streaky self-tan?.
Roll up clothing for storage.
Use drawers or shelves to hold dresses you plan to wear soon.
Start with freshly-washed, damp hair.
Apply the primer to your eyelid.
Make sure that your pants are not low rise.
Integrate hair-boosting supplements into your diet.
Make a side fishtail braid.
Store the clean, dry brush in a resealable plastic bag.
Eat some tomatoes.
Continue to roll up your sleeve until it’s as long as you want it.
Use a sea salt spray to get natural curls.
Keep your shoes in the box.
Put on makeup.
Next, apply concealer.
Adopt a healthy skin cleansing routine.
Understand that there are many methods.
Swipe down once more.
Wear matching tights with a cropped sweater and skirt to keep warm.
Once you have finished that row, undo the bun and let down the next layer of hair.
Remove acne from your face by using different products, depending on your skin: Proactive is good, but not recommended for people with gentle skin.
Keep a leather sheet under your bed sheets to prevent the bed getting dirty.
Consume more vitamin D. Since there are so many guidelines and issues surrounding sun exposure and time in the sun, you can get your Vitamin D from other sources and avoid too much sun exposure.
Make sure your tee fits you well.
Add a vest.
Wear a hat when you’re out in the sun.
Place shelves at the ground level.
Cut your wire.
Heat the stones at a low temperature for about half an hour.
Use tissues for emergency stuffing only.
Know what to expect.
Rub your hair with wool.
Develop a relationship with a massage therapist.
Make yourself smile or laugh.
Use either a briefcase or business bag to carry your items in.
Line the bottom of your eye with color, if desired.
Spend a little more money and time on your essentials.
Put on a nice, clean pair of pajamas, slippers and a dressing gown.
Hang in garment bags.
Pick Your Bottoms:: Normally, you should wear jeans or capris.
Keep a certain amount of control over your hair.
Check out the fastenings.
Get a facial hair transplant.
Tone your skin.
Trace out one circle for each umbrella you plan on making.
Tie with a hair tie and straighten and/or brush the ponytail if needed.
Shower Daily.
Throw on a printed scarf for a dash of color.
Wear some nice perfume, but not too much.
Apply a foundation that matches your natural skin tone.
Add decorative hair pins, clips or jewels.
Discuss changes with the original owner, if possible.
Continue to file each nail until the gel polish is gone.
Test the serum on a small patch of your skin.
Cut lemon and squeeze juice into a separate bowl.
Continue stirring until the new mix is smooth and blended completely.
Lay the shirt flat on its back and smooth the fabric.
Don't tense up when you know it's about to come.
There will be a sheet on the table or Shiatsu mat.
Style your jacket with jewel tones or brights to add some color.
Get a new helmet.
Add shine with body oil.
Wait 10 seconds for the polish to dry.
Turn your skirt right side out.
Wear a watch as your wedding band.
Have a good hair care regime:.
Then order your dinner or get a takeaway, rather than cooking something.
Lay your pants out on a table.
Put on some red lipstick to look edgy and classic.
Use minimalist, youthful makeup.
Fill the remainder of the container with water.
Avoid using dips and polishing agents.
Look at the instructional support the manufacturer provides in making buttons and badges.
Add flare with a hat.
Eat lots of protein.
Hair time!.
Make a 1950s inspired ponytail.
Brush your eyebrows with your finger or a brush from the inside (near your nose) to the outside (to your temple).
Place your jumper in a plastic tub filled with warm water.
Keep several different shirts that can be used for different occasions.
Select which colour you think would look best.
Mix a cleansing solution with water and tea tree oil.
Choose whether to buy a religious ring or not.
Choose a fragrance you like.
Find joy in the everyday.
Place the shirt in the dryer on the hottest setting.
Learn a foreign language.
Use tights based on season.
Skin supplements.
(You may need a buddy to help) Dip the brush in the paste and brush it against a streak in your hair.
Smudge the pencil marks with your finger to mix it into your beard.
Dress up your work look.
Stick to your regular routes whenever possible.
Fold the fabric in half widthwise.
Start with your moisturizer.
Use a flat iron for loose and smooth waves.
When your hair is lessen in certain place use banana liquid.
It should come with gloves and a mixer, but if it does not, get gloves and something to stir the formula with.
Prevent stains with fabric protectant.
When finished dipping the t-shirt, place it into a plastic grocery bag and tie to make it airtight.
Do a good deed.
Scrape tougher scuff marks with a dull knife or pencil eraser to lift the fibers.
Start by separating your hair.
Choose a larger handbag to balance out your body.
Choose to wear a bright belt with a monochromatic jumpsuit.
Deal with hormones.
Wear baggy jeans.
Pair bold waistcoats with single-color jackets.
Before you start using chemicals (such as bleach), always make sure you're wearing clothing that you don't mind getting stained.
Go on a shopping spree.
Don't forget to use a product.
Moisturize the skin on your back to keep it healthy and blemish-free.
After cleansing your body, take a blast of cold water from the shower head for smooth beautiful skin.
Deal with any excess.
Prepare to work on your cuticles.
Wear a hat to cover up your hair if it's too short to be styled.
Experiment with essential oils.
Then apply a dark lilac colour eyeshadow over the outer corner of your eyelids, and blend in to a pale pink colour reaching the middle, but leave the inner third of your eyelids beige.
Put on your glasses and enjoy the pop of your eyes underneath glasses.
Attach the new wheels carefully.
Paint the hoops, if desired, and wait for the paint to dry.
With right sides together, stitch the side seams and flap, leaving a half-inch seam allowance.
Create a braid in your hair.
Pair a mini skirt and slouchy boots for a sleek look.
Attach some pins to the front of the jacket.
Choose low-rise Bermuda shorts in the summer.
Don’t wear a tight hat every day.
Add pressed powder.
After the base coat is completely dry, retrieve your bottle of colored nail polish (make sure to roll it in your hands (don't shake it) to blend completely).
Take a pain reliever.
Attach the needle to the motor.
Place the most flattering colors nearest to your face.
Walk around in your shoes for half a day.
If The label of the purse is starting to come off you will obviously tell it is fake.
Pour all of your ingredients into your mason jar.
Avoid bulky and oversized scarves.
Brighten your skin by adding some strawberries to the mask.
Scrape the mixture from the sides of the bowl using a rubber spatula.
Eat healthy and eat fragrantly.
Wear a little make-up, but don't try too hard.
Finish your eyes with mascara.
Comb upward.
Dry them on gentle if you’re in a hurry.
Know that style and fit of a corset can be the biggest issue especially if you are an unusual shape.
Wash daily.
Wear deodorant when ever you think you will sweat!.
Turn it into a tank top.
Try adding memory foam bedding if you are a stomach sleeper.
Wash your hands to remove any oils that may be on your nails.
See what's in your wardrobe that can be "dressed up" into something sexy.
Buy a third-party Apple Watch stand.
Mix and match makeup textures.
Brush on some mascara to your upper lashes, but don't curl your lashes.
Add a simple braid.
Pour a packet of Kool-Aid into a little bowl.
Use eyeliner to outline eyes and make them look bigger.
Gather 1 handful of curry leaves and 4 US tbsp (59 ml) of coconut oil.
Scrub down your watch band with magic eraser.
Cut the pants for a distressed look.
Keep your hair relaxed in style.
Prepare the surface of your craft.
Wrap the mono line 10 times around itself and the loop.
Dye the rest of your gray for a quicker transition.
Pull your hair back away from your face.
After it cools off (it needs to be solid), put it in a bowl.
Take your jacket to the tailor’s shop and take measurements.
Select jumpers and cardigans.
Spend time with animals.
Wait 15 to 20 minutes, or until the mask dries.
Wear a hat if you’re running low on time.
Choose the right fabric.
Don't be pressured into things you are not ready for, like sex.
Think about what you buy before you buy it.
Get some wire/cable ties.
Get rid of liver spots with laser therapy treatments or creams.
Cut your hair short or medium length for more bounce.
Try strong, semi-muted colors for red or auburn hair.
Get a lymphatic massage.
Fold the Shemagh in half, to make a triangle.
Deep condition your hair once a week.
Try on your shoes as soon as you get them.
For the single piece Geta, it's going to take considerably more effort, but the result is a more authentic (and more durable) alternative to the fake geta.
Put your faded jeans in the dryer and dry as normal.
Defog items.
Tie the ends together in a double knot.
Lay the jacket, facing up, on a flat surface.
Cut your sleeve in half lengthwise.
Bend the entire shape over a small pen.
Cross the braids across the back of your head and pin them.
Try different colors for brightly colored hair.
Style your hair into an updo of your choice.
Make sure your hormone levels are normal.
Use an intensive mask on your hair once a week.
Pull your glasses away from your face.
Clean your nails.
Practice confidence and positivity.
Blend the color upward.
Compare retailers' prices with prices on the Robin's Jean website.
Work with feathers.
Sleep with the clips in.
Avoid using heat on your hair.
Paint your second coat of glitter.
Make a schedule.
Hold a 4-inch section of hair straight up above your scalp.
Keep your nails looking good.
Stir the henna and coffee mixture until there aren’t any lumps left.
Power on the in-styler.
Turn up the heat for beat-up basketball shoes.
Press the lip onto the plate marking.
Clip each twisted section.
Reduce shine.
Take two cups full of water and pour into a pan.
Find or buy a pair of pants that you don't mind cutting, or that you would like to be able to remove quickly.
Wear a good pair of shoes.
Use some overlapping if you're using a darker top.
Let the ingredients settle.
Get immediate medical attention if you think your piercing is infected.
Fleece - a synthetic fabric made from polyester.
Stir the green tea into the cleanser until they’re mixed consistently.
Rub the jade piece with a dry cloth to remove excess soap.
Determine what your skin type is.
Wash your face daily.
Try a hair perfume or a dry shampoo to keep your scalp from smelling.
Trace a subpatch and cut it to fit inside the shoe.
Wear for short periods of time.
Section off the strand that you want to bleach.
Take care of your nails.
Apply milk to your face.
Wrap a 1 by 1 inch (2.5 by 2.5 cm) section of hair around a rag.
Finish with firm-hold hairspray.
Use black shoe polish to scuff any rubber parts.
Buff your nails gently to even out the surface.
Stir until evenly blended.
Solid shoes are essential.
Pick the best bow tie for your outfit and face.
Wear some makeup, and do your hair.
Fold up the bottom half on the same side to secure the hat.
Massage the leather until the crease disappears.
Define your figure with a skinny belt around your waist.
File away your troubles.
Add a dressier top.
Pin or clip the bottom of the hoodie together.
Keep it all age appropriate.
Soak reusable makeup sponges to get rid of stubborn dirt or stains.
Cover up when you're in the sun.
Repeat until clean.
Use a clean spoolie to comb your brow.
Choose a mesh top with embellishing.
Put a primer on on your eyelids.
Bring down the line from point X above until in touches the bottom waistline.
Section off your faux bang area.
Find thick socks.
Organize one shelf, or part of it, for accessories.
Put a travel-sized container of hand sanitizer in the bag.
Hold the flowers together just below their heads.
Stitch the sides of the pocket together by hand.
Splash your face with cool water to close the pores.
Cut out 2 pieces using the dimensions of your bust, waist, and desired crop top length.
Add a closing system if you want your purse to remain closed such as a zipper, a button or pressure clasps, maybe even a hook-and-eye.
Add about 3 cups of water.
If after three days the product is unsatisfactory, return it to the salon or store and tell a professional working there what problems you were having.
Cut the cucumber up into small chunks.
Combine the vinegar, dish soap, essential oils, and water.
Add minimal jewelry.
Use a boar-bristle brush to distribute your natural oils.
Stick with loafers and slip-ons to embrace the business casual look.
Be responsible.
Keep weaving the stems in this manner.
Expect to pay $65-$130 to have your windbreaker altered.
Find a new, clean cloth and dampen it with warm water.
Schedule a doctor’s visit to diagnose and treat any medical issues.
Dress appropriately .
Wear your wedding band on a bracelet.
Apply skin toner or astringent once mud mask is washed off.
Combine thoroughly to ensure every ingredient has been evenly distributed.
Use your moisturizer or a gentle soap or cleanser.
Do something with your hair!.
Click the bracelet type you want to make.
Rub the cloth gently against the irritated spot.
Cut the elastic.
Choose a long-lasting, moisturizing lipstick in a shade that will contrast your skin and is in the same family as your blush.
Maintain a diet high in zinc and B vitamins.
Take it slow.
Make a pattern on the leather with a ruler and pencil.
Emphasize your height with some straight palazzo pants.
Select appropriate shoes:.
Taking the coin, press it down onto your eyeshadow pot.
Now it's time to dye your hair purple.
Use petroleum jelly to grow longer lashes.
Apply a flesh-tone lipstick.
Get a prescription.
Pack your bag with your sports clothes.
Go boho.
Allow your hair to dry overnight.
Stay hydrated to help your skin repair itself.
Fold the binding over the top of the bag and pin inside the bag, securing it to the lining.
Be careful to practice proper hygiene.
Be sure to pack tissues.
Consider getting your hair dyed at a beauty school.
Pair girlfriend jeans with an oversized button-down for contrast.
Measure 1 ½ cups of either brown or white sugar.
Don’t pick at your hair.
Place an elastic band around the top of the lid to keep it in place.
Dry and moisturise your skin.
Brush up on classy etiquette, so you're ready to look polished and comfortable in settings such as expensive restaurants.
Clean the coat by hand.
Start entering in your day.
Your face is another very important aspect of your look.
Make an ink mark.
Take any medications into account.
Eat plenty of foods that contain silica for healthy hair.
Store the mascara in a jar as an alternative.
Apply a mask which you can use once every week/2 weeks.
Get ready on the night of the prom.
Make a healing, honey-flavored lip balm.
Determine how long you want your skirt to be, then add 5/8 inch (1.59 centimeters) to it.
After letting the paste sit for a few minutes (about 5 or ten), use a hair dryer (on low) on the foil.
Pull your hair into an elegant up-do to show off your pearl earrings.
Do a quick workout before disrobing.
Use hairspray to set the waves.
Choose a hydrating lipstick to avoid drying.
Gently put your client's fingertips in hot lotion.
Consider your personality.
Knot your white T-shirt to accentuate high-waisted bottoms.
Determine what you hope to achieve with your hair.
Don't be paranoid.
Don’t use tanning beds.
Wear long underwear or boxers.
Create pockets.
Cut the threaded seam along the outside of each leg.
Fold down the unstitched end of the fabric.
Draw in hair.
Place the lightest color on the insides of your eyes and under your brow.
Slowly straighten small sections of your hair at a time, so the bottom half of hair is smooth and sleek.
Wear a light shirt.
Save and print the pattern you have chosen to make.
Drain the resin for 10 minutes.
Don't overdo your makeup.
Try collagen or other fillers.
Let the concoction cool.
Get decent "basics".
Figure out your hair color.
Apply several coats of mascara to your lashes.
Hold the ponytail vertically above your head.
Go shoe shopping early in the day when your feet are less swollen.
Bundle up with a stylish wrap.
Apply the paint splatter.
Place the hanger upside down at the bottom hem of the sweater.
String your alphabet beads onto the bracelet.
Rub the wax/polish on the scratch.
DIY your graphic tee.
Fold both sides of the shirt over the middle.
Take a daily biotin supplement.
Know what to do if a fire starts.
Inspect their board for wear and quality.
Put lemon juice on everything you want highlighted.
Brush in downward motions, starting at the end.
If you have to wear a hat, avoid synthetics.
Sweep all your hair onto 1 side.
Position the bag at the back of your body to keep it out of the way.
Remember that they tend to be loose and flowing.
Opt for a crop top with a boxy shape to balance your outfit.
Sew along the top edge of the clutch.
Take note of your color preferences.
Use an acetone-free nail polish remover.
Add nail art elements.
Continue to be naked whenever you can.
Avoid the glittery, or overly bright nail polishes that are so popular.
Put the finishing touches on your menu of spa treatments.
Stir in 2 tablespoons each of extra virgin olive oil and honey.
Apply top coat.
Rub your face with coconut oil.
Enlist the help of a tailor.
Wear solid black tights if you want to dress your outfit up.
Rinse well with warm water.
Use a tinted moisturizer that contains sunscreen.
Save your leftover soap so that you can use it later.
Turn the jeans right side out.
Find a stone that fits comfortably in your hand.
Brush the solution over the bristles with a toothbrush.
While inhaling, move the Obi to the back (clockwise).
Choose which color blocking method you want to use.
Keep your accessories to a minimum.
Put a lid on the container and let it sit for 2-3 hours.
Heat the leather with a hair dryer to make the leather more supple.
Wear an old shirt.
Pick out a choker to match your velvet booties.
Belt your vest for a figure-flattering outfit.
Repeat for the other damp areas until the wrinkles are gone.
Pair a button-up shirt with a blazer to give off a sleek vibe.
Clean up hair dye stains using a vinegar solution.
Wear the right shorts.
Allow the coffee to cool.
Research salons.
Bend the wire in half so the 2 sides are as close as possible.
Dab a small amount of powder into the corners of your eyes.
Start with a clean, soft face.
Wrap ice in a towel and apply it to dry, itchy skin patches.
Make casual outfits.
Hand wash the interior of your boots.
Clean the pumice stone after usage.
Avoid washing your face with oil-based cleansers.
Keep it clean.
Use clay to make your own designs.
Get implants to change the size of your breasts.
Lips.
Think before you buy.
Leave your hair slightly damp.
Store your toner in the refrigerator for up to 2 weeks.
Don't ignore your jacket's care label.
When they're done setting up, the therapists will ask you to disrobe.
Determine if you are at risk.
Buy the coat.
Make up a compelling reason why you got the tattoo.
Choosing shirts with horizontal designs help cut the vertical lines and add broadness to the frame.
Stay conservative your first time, but examine how others dress.
Don't take long, hot showers.
Add water first if your machine doesn’t have a bleach dispenser.
Use hair ties to encourage straightening.
Zip the zipper up all of the way if there is one.
Determine your size.
Undo your hairstyle, brush it out, and re-do it again.
Apply the mixture with your hands from the ends to the roots.
Create a part for the hair you want to be in the headband, using a comb, pencil, pointy end of a makeup brush, fingernail, or something similar.
Smile and press up on your nose to work your nose muscles.
Dampen the corner of a soft cloth with warm water.
Soak your feet.
Sew around the edges of your case, using the pins as a guide.
Close your purse and put it somewhere you will remember.
Use coconut oil to  smooth flyaways.
Sleep on a silk pillowcase or wrap your hair in a silk scarf.
Make an opening through your hair above the hair tie.
Bring a coverup that you can throw on over your swimsuit.
Use black mascara and gently brush it from the roots of your lashes upwards.
Raise the fabric under the clamp up to loosen the strap.
Pour paint thinner over the stain.
Determine your skin tone and undertone.
Use a bleach-free clothing detergent.
Stand out with a shade of red.
Buy a paper on Sunday to get the coupons.
Leave the scrub in the freezer until it's frozen.
Curl the section with a curling iron or curlers.
Tie the three strips together at the top.
Press a cotton pad against your lips for a few seconds.
Put on a nice pair of colorful flip flops or sandals to show off your pretty painted toe nails.
Pull out sections or “baby hair.” If you have medium to long hair and some face-framing locks, you can do the famous piecey 90s look.
Continue twisting and drying 1–2 in (2.5–5.1 cm) sections of hair to complete the look.
Apply the paste.
Comb through your hair until the powder soaks up the oil.
Start with having the right clothing on.
Look at natural exfoliants such as Goat milk, sheep milk, camel milk, Yak milk, and Dead Sea soap which are organic also they will not hurt your skin.
Rub the soaked cloth against the stain.
Be cautious in how you express distaste.
Select a double-breasted peacoat for a classic look.
Stick to the shade at midday.
Eat more vegetables and fruits.
Keep track of events that make you feel unappreciated and not acceptable to your family.
Put on clean clothes every time you shower.
Dress conservatively.
Pair light-colored suede with shorts.
Use a whisk or fork to combine the ingredients.
Place a ruler on a flat surface.
Pinch your fingers over the spot where the tape meets the other end and remove it.
Heat a flat iron.
Wipe down the necklace with a cloth dipped in the soapy solution.
Wear the bag to the side or carry it by its handles to appear more professional.
Pair the Oxfords with jeans and a T-shirt or sweater.
Use a wide tooth comb to untangle your hair) (start at the bottom and work your way to the top to reduce breakage to a minimum).
Cover with a piece of tissue paper or paper towel.
Backcomb or tease your hair if you need to add volume.
Stay healthy and fit.
Heat the water to boiling over medium-high heat.
Give yourself a mani-pedi at least once a month to keep your hands and feet looking nice.
To get maximum benefits, apply moisturizer too, and wear socks to seal in moisture.
Wear complementary jewelry.
Choose the right tools.
Put your hair in a ponytail or braid when exercising.
Try a home remedy if you have a mild infection.
Have fun with a comb over.
Wash your hair as you normally would.
Wake up your Apple Watch.
Apply a bit of make-up (if you want) to enhance your natural look.
Add black or clear mascara.
Clean the needles as you go.
Put damp hair into a sock bun overnight.
Choose a well-fitting jacket that is of a similar style to what you want to buy.
Be aware of potential underlying medical causes of dry cracked skin.
Wash your feet.
Remove the jumper from the tub and gently press the water out of it.
Apply camouflaging make-up to cover up boil scars.
Change your hair care habits for the spring.
Check the serial number with the manufacturer.
Try each pair of jeans on before you consider buying them.
Include extra underwear.
Fold the arms so the edges of the arms meet the edges of both sides of the sleeper.
Take your mixer and mix the oils together at a high setting.
Learn to laugh about it.
Bring the other end around to the front.
Speak calmly.
Leave the treatment in for 30 minutes to an hour.
Decide how many charms you want to put on your bracelet.
Wear a long chain necklace to elongate your torso.
Allow lashes to dry completely before storage.
Ask your dermatologist about steroid treatments.
Press the fake diamond onto the dot you made for about 10 seconds.
Use a toothbrush to get into etched silver earrings.
Sew along the top edge of the bra from the strap to the center.
Put your hair into a bun or ponytail.
Accept the limited science behind turmeric benefits.
Start with a flat twist headband, then finish with a rope braid.
Purchase a sitz bath kit.
Know how to treat painfully-smelly shoes.
Search for shampoos and conditioners that are made with argan oil.
Add beads.
Buy a pair of shoes that fit when you first try them on.
Piece short hair out with pomade.
Make a point of applying a good plumping lip balm.
Scoop the scrub to an airtight jar and keep it in a cool, dry place.
Look for leather flats or low heels.
Use sunscreen every day.
Be clear on the store's return policy.
Don’t give out your passwords.
Choose subtle jewelry to tone down the look.
Take a liquid eyeliner in either black or brown.
Add your scarf to a handbag.
Purchase a white laundry sack that is large enough to hold two rolled up sleeping bags.
Wear neat, well-fitting clothes.
Do this to the entire scalp.
Crush the pineapple and papaya and squeeze the juice of each fruit into a bowl.
Buy quality clothes at off-price retailers.
Treat your acne.
Look for good traction.
Fix your hair in a bun or ponytail in hot weather.
Massage the arch and heel of your foot.
Turn the shower on as hot as possible.
Get a trim.
Add an embellishment to the front of the bracelet.
Make sure your foundation is either your skin tone, or slightly lighter.
Spread lotion all over hands.
Brush your hair back.
Always smile, not a cheesy fake smile, think of anything that makes you happy for a natural attractive smile.
Pin and sew the side seams and inseams.
Trade dresses with someone.
Embrace strengthening exercises.
Allow your jeans to dry and style as desired.
Repeat on the other side.
Make a ball or another shape with aluminum foil.
Decorate the bracelet further, if desired.
Apply a subtle color to go on your orbital bone (right above the crease of your eye).
Add black to your bottom socket, brow, and nose.
Fashion a monochromatic look by pairing pink cords with a pink blazer.
Avoid beard balms with harsh ingredients if your skin is sensitive.
Moisturize immediately after shaving.
Select a Nike Air Yeezy for a basketball-inspired footwear option.
Turn the brief so the fly section is face down on the flat surface.
Straighten your spine to maintain good posture.
Sleep on a satin pillowcase.
Nearly done!..
Now you have your checklist.
Prepare the massage area.
Add the earring hooks.
Purchase good highlighting products.
Wrap around the skin using toilet paper.
Rub the stained area with hydrogen peroxide or vinegar if the stain remains.
Eat specific foods that produce longer lashes.
Take the strip and divide it into 2 equal lengths.
Gently tap your nails on a hard surface such as a table.
Research the fabric to help you make decisions about sizing.
Select your material.
Have nano fat grafting done to firm your breasts.
Section off the top third of your hair with your fingertips.
Swipe the app to the left.
Measure your band size.
Rinse the mask out with water.
Wrap your towel around your head.
Reshape the bras' cups and any embellishments.
Start with the proper exfoliant.
Unroll your bun for easy waves.
Go work out!.
Follow the directions of the pattern to sew most of the shirt together, including the neckline.
Wear the shorts without underwear.
If you are on your period, change your pad or tampon regularly, or wear a Menstrual Cup.
Shape and polish your nails:.
Control flyaway hairs and hide split ends.
Update your Facebook.
Discharge static electricity.
Add accents that make you more comfortable in the room.
Smooth the cream on before bed.
Drink water.
Twist open the cap of the bottle and gently drag the brush against the side of the bottle, getting rid of excess paint.
Write a short inquiry email aimed at producers and design houses.
Use a long rectangular scarf.
Press the hem one last time.
If the period of bed rest is longer, use dry shampoo to clean your hair.
Measure to the desired length.
Lay your hands on the towel to dry for roughly five minutes.
If it has a great deal of sentimental value linked to it, but you never wear it, then put it in a box, and tuck it under your bed or in the basement.
Wet the shower curtain liner so it sticks against the tub.
Tighten your tie slowly while sliding the dimple up the blade.
Pair your mesh top with mesh bottoms.
Use bath salts.
Enjoy wearing your comfortable pants!.
Choose a white pair of overalls for the spring.
Next take out other foot and repeat the relevant steps above.
Rinse half of it out and leave in half.
Next for your eyes, start with the eyelid base.
Wash it separately.
Store in plastic bags.
Use a face mask once every 2-4 weeks.
Choose rings that you love.
Be friendly and polite towards everyone.
Straighten a small section of hair.
Edge stitch the bottom and top of the casing to the waistline.
Go to Friendship-bracelets.net.
Repeat with the other smaller chunk of hair and simply secure the updo with hair spray.
Choose a classy cardigan with a turtleneck and dress slacks for a warm look.
Use rose hips to add a light reddish tint to hair.
Use cuticle trimmers to pull up the acrylic surrounding your nail tip.
Combine the end sections and continue wrapping.
Pour the mixture into a clean 4 ounce mason jar.
Learn to clean the footbed.
Open your pattern and choose a vest size.
Pour the mixture into containers.
Use a laundry stain remover on tough stains.
Use a night cream if you want to reduce wrinkles.
Use hair chalk to get bright colors.
Wear Chacos with your bathing suit to the beach or pool.
Rough up the bottoms of your heels.
Squeeze out the liquid to the mask bowl.
Play up the utilitarian side of Timberlands with cargo pants.
Wear a slightly formal top to round out your smart casual ensemble.
Look for width across the cheekbones to identify a round face.
Take the shoulder width measurement in the back, right across the yoke.
Apply a leave-in conditioner to wet hair to return your hair to the 4.5 to 5.5 natural acidity, if your hair is naturally dry or damaged.
Pack your wallet.
Use a mild soap.
Use a deep conditioner once a week.
Undo the first ponytail and backcomb it.
Fold the shirt arms into the middle of the shirt.
Apply aluminum acetate.
Stir it up and use as needed.
Add the shoes when the machine is about three-quarters filled with water.
Throw on a watch.
Dab the polish on your tongue (I know, but it works, trust me).
Join the second flap fabric to the main fabric.
Exercise caution when getting manicures and pedicures.
Allow the jumper to dry completely before wearing it.
Apply curling custard or cream to the first section.
Slowly, making sure that the comb/brush won't loosen the grip on your hair, twist the Comb/Brush.
Make-Up.
Put on your best jewelry.
Clean your sunglasses with dish detergent and water before polishing them.
Leave the eyelash removal gel on for 3 minutes.
Put a few drops of mild, liquid soap into one of the bowls.
Lose weight to make your butt look bigger compared with your waist.
Wear a tie tack with silk, wool, or cashmere ties.
Choose the correct brush.
Pat your face dry.
Soak your sweatshirt in warm water and wring it out.
Layer on a bronze-tinted blush, but don't overdo it.
If you have to walk around your model when their personal areas are exposed, explain yourself.
Choose sandals in flats or heels.
Pair the socks as usual.
Quit smoking to improve the health of your skin.
Put on blush.
Choose shirts in casual fabrics.
Remove your makeup carefully every night.
Add shelf dividers.
Make sure that both ends of the shorter tzitzit strings are even.
Measure your waist and hips.
Don't go overboard.
Make a paste out of turmeric for a gentle treatment.
Slick back your hair.
Consider a wedding ring tattoo.
Turn the iron off.
Place your herbs in a jar and pour the witch hazel over them.
Always carry a purse and at least $20 with you.
Place the handbag into its original box if you have it.
When you wear mascara  wear a rich, cappuccino shade for light brown-platinum blond hair, and a soft, mocha shade for black-dark blond hair.
Remove each roller.
Invest in a good concealer to remedy dark shadows.
Inspect your boots for durability.
Try to shampoo your hair as little as possible.
Choose the right light.
Lather on self tanning lotion.
Wear wet boots to stretch them to the size of your foot.
Lay a towel out on the surface that you are working near to catch the bead.
Use powder to set the makeup.
Grab the middle of the clothing item and twist it inwards and around itself.
Make sure that you get enough protein and vitamins.
Stack your notebooks.
Gather all of your hair into a ponytail, then straighten up.
Use eye cream around the eyes.
Slide on your wet jacket so you can stretch it out.
Get your ring professionally resized for a permanent solution.
Go casual by pairing your waistcoat with jeans.
Comb the hair dye down through your hair for the balayage effect.
Accentuate your style with bangs.
Book the session.
Remove green buildup with a new, soft toothbrush.
Add thickness to your locks with hair extensions.
Make the button loops.
Add a darker color to the crease of your eye with an angled brush.
Pair an ear climber with a simple stud in the opposite ear.
Freeze your wool, cashmere, or leather.
Select your payment method.
Remove the coconut oil from the heat when it is a clear liquid.
Apply the exfoliant to the loofah, and massage your skin with it in a circular motion.
Wash your hair with lukewarm water.
Take a BB Cream or light foundation in a shade just slightly lighter than your natural skin tone.
Now use a large gapped bristle comb or brush to smooth the hair slowly without pulling sharply.
Pair a colorful dress shirt with dark-wash jeans and a blazer.
Rinse your razor frequently.
Practice walking around in your shoes.
Tie the bracelet securely.
Start with hair that is air-dryed or still slightly damp.
Choose the right shoes.
Lightly apply on eye shadow.
Fill it with your favorite brands of pads or tampons.
Have your teeth scaled and planed by the dentist.
Give yourself a schedule.
Gather your hair into a looped bun.
Get a massage to promote better circulation in your feet.
Try activated-charcoal infused food and drink for a fun color and texture.
Talk to a dermatologist.
Check any clothes, toys, or other items to see if they have been recalled.
Pour the completed mixture into the storage containers.
Use clothing for added protection while your kids are outdoors.
Put the lid down on the toilet; sit there.
Avoid sleeping in makeup.
Soak the rice in the water for 15-30 minutes.
Fold the rectangle to create a pocket.
Create a winged look around your eyes with liquid eyeliner.
- For the first week of your new piercing you are advised to only brush the front teeth and then on the second week you may proceed to brush back and gently the tongue.
Talk to your doctor before pursuing any "permanent" solution.
Grow for 4-6 weeks.
Take your watch out of storage at least once a year and wear it.
Secure the French braid into place with bobby pins.
Add your makeup next, if desired.
Consider color coordinating the basket.
Avoid putting mascara too close to the base of the eye.
Wash gently.
Mix and match.
Walk heel to toe to keep your legs and hips pain-free.
Press the fabric into the tool.
Make a restoring, papaya-based cleanser.
Decide what will work with your piercing.
Whiten your teeth.
Wrap the towel around yourself with the right hand side overlapping the left, or vice versa.
Accessorize your hair with hair clips for a cute look.
Begin a reverse braid on the left side of your part.
Don't forget to try shopping online!.
Release the final bands from your fingers.
Choose items in neutral colors that you can mix and match.
Sew around the top of the brim to connect the two pieces.
Let the brush soak in it for 3-4 minutes.
Use cleansing milk to remove foundation makeup.
Do not neglect doctor-recommended treatments.
Soak up excess liquid.
Look for gentle creams if you have sensitive skin.
Secure the ends.
Drink plenty of milk.
Make your earnings more interesting by adding dangling branches.
Consume plenty of vitamins and minerals in your diet.
Bring the weaving wire behind the bottom warp wire and coil twice.
Fill a large container with baking soda.
Keep the product away from children.
Reduce stress.
Find a partner.
If your skin is sensitive or just looking irritated and puffy for some reason, steep a bag of green tea for a minute or two, let it cool down, and dab it over your face.
Wipe your shoes with a damp cloth to get them wet.
Pack your rolled pants toward the bottom.
Tap on the wedges to see if the base of the shoe is stable.
Apply a canola oil treatment.
Leave to work its magic for 15 minutes and rinse off with warm water.
Go to bed with the style.
Dye your cotton or nylon shirts.
Scroll down and tap {"smallUrl":"https:\/\/www.wikihow.com\/images\/3\/36\/Iphonesettingsgeneralicon.png","bigUrl":"https:\/\/www.wikihow.com\/images\/3\/36\/Iphonesettingsgeneralicon.png","smallWidth":460,"smallHeight":460,"bigWidth":760,"bigHeight":760,"licensing":"<div class=\"mw-parser-output\"><p>I edited this screenshot of an iPhone icon\n<\/p><p>License: <a rel=\"nofollow\" class=\"external text\" href=\"http:\/\/en.wikipedia.org\/wiki\/Fair_use\">Fair Use<\/a><br>\n<\/p><\/div>"} General.
Try jeans on before you buy them to see if the measurements were correct.
Help your friend see the errors of his/her unfashionable ways.
Experiment with stylish patterns in your formal footwear.
Determine what thickness of floss or yarn will best suit your project.
Wear skirts that go at least as far as your knees.
Pull on the outer loops of the braids to volumize them, if desired.
Get an eyelid primer to hold eyeshadow in place.
Work out for 30-60 mins a day 5 times a week for better fitness.
Remove the necklace.
Clean up with mineral oil after stubborn bowel movements.
Mix the vitamin E oil and essential oil into your melted butter and wax.
Let the jumper soak in the water for at least 6 hours.
Wash out the oil using warm water.
Shave down your body in short strokes.
Be a good person.
Invest in bling.
Check other luggage carousels of other arriving flights at the airport baggage claim.
Apply the color remover to 0.25 to 1 in (0.64 to 2.54 cm) sections.
Arrange the goals in the order that you want to accomplish them.
Watch the mirror.
Wash your hair LESS (always use conditioner!).
Kick in a good beauty regime.
Add extracts to enhance your lotion with special properties.
Ignore the fact that they are inside out.
Apply.
Apply leather conditioner to soften the faux leather.
Leave the chinstrap.
Find the nicest person in the popular group.
Use rosewater as a toner after you wash your face.
Factor your preferred rise height into your waist measurement.
Compare your choices.
Go vintage with a pin curl perm.
Before braiding your hair, give it an oil treatment.
Make a solution of 1 cup of alum and 8 liters (2.1 US gal) of warm water.
Place a small pile of stones on the lower part of the client's back.
Apply a light pink lip gloss onto your lips, and then you are done!.
Finish the wallet by stitching the folded edges closed.
Select a stencil.
Walk and sit gracefully.
Look for green or yellow pus.
Put a belt around your vest if you want to highlight your waist.
Ask your doctor about botox.
Double knot the laces.
Brush the tip of the pencil lightly on your beard and skin to add color.
Pair with a tank top or any style blouse and tuck it in.
Add honey to your conditioner.
Remove your glasses if possible.
Wear black nail polish with gold.
Cut off two short leather cords; glue each to an end of a clasp to link with the leather cords.
Pull your hair back about halfway up the back of your head as if about to make a ponytail.
Slip one end of the dental floss under the ring.
Apply products while hair is wet.
Foil frigidity with the Four in Hand.
Practice sitting and standing up straight.
Decide on the size of the bag.
Get the mascara.
Sew the wallet together along the bottom, top, and right sides.
Set with a layer of powder eyeshadow (optional).
Put a hair elastic or two on your wrist.
Fold the pants one-third of the way up.
Go to a dermatologist if you notice changing or unusual moles.
Choose a wrap dress for a universally flattering style.
Make your own mayonnaise.
Prepare the embroidery floss.
Tie a knot for an alternative 1 shoulder dress.
Eyes - wear a neutral shadow and apply it close to the top edge of your eyelid.
Cut the paper into strips.
Brush and floss your teeth and put your hair back in a headband ,if needed, to begin makeup.
Pre-shampoo.
Heat up the pickle.
Have a pretty purse.
Change your bedding at least once a week.
Wear a Paletot or Guards’ coat for versatility.
Swish some mouthwash into your mouth.
Ensure you have control of the temperature of the room.
Fill a mesh bag with coffee beans to absorb and replace the odor.
Choose sturdy, warm boots.
Rip the sleeves off of old shirts and sweaters for various themes.
Experiment with self-adjusting bronzer.
Finish with a slick of sheer lipstick in a color to match your outfit.
Take steps to make your hair last longer.
Attach to Bag- First place pin onto the bag where you would like them to be and try it out for fit.
Set a timer to boil your menstrual cup for 5-10 minutes.
Use a purifying shampoo once each week.
Wash your hair thoroughly every other day, or as needed.
Connect the free ends of your band with a c-clip.
Remove the elastic band once the string is securely tied (optional).
Glam up your look with statement earrings.
Skip a lot of chemicals.
Decide how you want to plan.
Wear breathable, cotton clothing that is loose and comfortable.
Ask your dentist for advice, techniques and ways to keep your teeth healthier and cleaner.
Assist them with toileting and bathing tasks.
Don’t scratch!.
Pat your eyes dry with a soft towel.
Repair and close small rips with a needle and thread.
Try a salt spray for beachy waves.
Wear your white jeans all year long.
Prepare yourself mentally, the day before doing it, try to convince yourself that it will be painless and easy.
Pair a deep purple with light brown for hazel eyes.
Glue foam letters or shapes onto the umbrella for a kid’s craft.
Get tested for psoriatic arthritis.
Reward your body.
Eat properly.
Try making a topsy-turvy ponytail before you start doing the fishtail braid.
Pour the paint.
Turn the hob off.
Take care of your toes and feet.
To remove bacteria, try a hydrogen-peroxide solution.
Treat.
Have a perfect smile.
Turn right side out and press the edges carefully.
Treat yourself to a spa facial.
Unclamp the tube.
Modify your wardrobe on your blanket sleeper for summertime temperatures.
Pull the hairdryer away and wait until your hair cools, then carefully pull the brush out of your hair.
Put your laces back in.
Place the end loop around your finger.
Feel for firm laces.
Visit your dentist once every 6 months.
Avoid making life decisions while depressed.
Take your child into your doctor if there are white patches on the inside of their mouth.
Put on the lipstick with your finger or a lip brush.
Flip the curls forward and then back to add texture.
Wrap around the head.
Wear bright jewelry that makes a statement.
Keep it up!.
Cut and file your nails.
Groom and define brows daily.
Don't drag your feet.
Cut frayed edges.
When removing crust, soak, don't pick.
Twist the hair tie again and pull your hair halfway through the loop.
Make a pleated section.
Squeeze the lemon in half over the hair that you want to highlight, while holding the hair you want to highlight AWAY from your head, as shown in image 1.
End with a top tab (one that lies on the top layer) by threading each cord up through the corresponding hole.
Choose a cami with a built-in shelf bra to go bra-less.
Pull your hair into a high ponytail.
Try a "wrap" tie.
Opt for felt hangers when hanging up your button-down shirts.
Dry the slipcover partway, then put it on the chair while it's still damp.
Wear a cap-sleeved shirt under your dress for a throwback outfit.
Use less hair mask next time if your hair is greasy.
Rub the shoes with an eraser or rubber cleaning stone.
Pour the now warmed rosewater mixture into the double boiler ingredients.
Opt for a liquid formula with a heavier texture.
If you have a cool skin tone, use a shimmery silver eye-shadow,if your skin is warm toned, instead use gold.
Vary your wardrobe.
Switch up your shoes so you aren’t wearing the same pair every day or several days in a row.
Accentuate your assets.
Steam treat your face and remove your lashes with olive oil.
Stick to neutrals if you are wearing a flowery or bohemian style dress.
Request a short taper on the sides and back.
Make people pursue you instead of chasing them.
Sit with your foot flat.
Top off your look with a baseball cap or beanie.
Pick out one string of the color you want your first swirl to be.
Keep your hair back with some boho braids.
Tone down facials and facial steaming, as well as hot baths/showers.
Blot your hair dry gently with a microfiber towel or T-shirt.
Use a buffing cloth to bring the high points on the piece back to a bright shine.
Wait the recommended amount of time before rinsing the dye out.
Determine your hair’s curl pattern.
Put your windbreaker on and allow the tailor to pin it.
Select a focus point on the camera.
HAVE FUN!.
Consider light therapy.
Wipe away any errant dye.
Care for your nails.
Use conditioner but only a tiny dab on the ends of the hairs.
Contact charitable organizations.
At the end of fifteen or twenty minutes, go back to the bathroom.
Make sure you have showered or bathed well first.
List any needs or concerns that you might have about the use of sunscreen.
Slide the second wire through the other side of the pins.
Do not leave your puffer jacket to air dry completely.
Add accessories:.
Sew through both layers of the sash, where it is pinned.
Make other people feel special.
Look for inspiration.
Cut your thread.
Roughen up the edges of the hole with 120-grit sandpaper.
Make sure you buy your Top-Siders in the right size.
Rinse with cold water.
Shop in your parents’ closet.
Be sensible with the temperature of the water.
Add a small package of ibuprofen or naproxen if you're allowed.
Go with classic items, not trendy.
Remove excess wax with oil.
Choose a longer, structured crop top.
Apply rosewater when your skin is red or inflamed.
Sew up the side.
Think before posting anything.
Add vanilla extract a little at a time.
Measure a length of elastic string that will fit around your wrist.
Do a three-strand braid with the remaining length of hair.
Scour the clothes you want to dye using detergent or soda ash.
Stand contrapposto for photos or anytime you want to look curvier.
Simply reduce the amount of time in heels.
Repeat the whole gluing, folding, and smoothing process for the larger piece of paper and cardboard.
Apply lipstick or gloss.
Clean your eyelash extensions with a foaming cleanser.
Bring down the Left over the folded Right.
Use Nioxin scalp treatment twice a day for faster results.
Add ½ cup (120 milliliters) of 3% hydrogen peroxide.
Wind things down.
Pair ankle-length leggings with a mid-length dress in between seasons.
Pinch your nose while moving your upper lip to stretch the muscles around your nose.
Wash the pants in a normal cycle.
Brush highlighter over the center of your chin.
Get your hair trimmed every 3 months to keep your curls bouncy.
Use baking soda.
Attach a long-finger diffuser to your hair dryer.
Set the felt into the pan and press down on it.
Learn about umbrella superstition.
Set goals for yourself.
Cut-out white foods, including:.
Select and wear clothes made from natural fibers.
Finally, squeeze a fresh lemon into this shampoo for a refreshing citrus scent.
Drop your shoulders down and back to relax them.
Fill the bowl with warm water and a drop or two of soap.
Clip the tie between the third and fourth buttons of your shirt, or around the middle or bottom of your sternum.
Use Facial masks.
Spend money on things that will fit your new look.
Choose your pair of jeans.
Wear an ear climber with a turtleneck or high neck.
Try to determine the date of your Levi’s.
Transfer to a suitable container for storage.
Use the clothes to make a patchwork quilt.
Try an edgy twist.
Bend the tip of the pin into the form of a fishhook, using the pliers.
Release your eyelid and keep your eye closed.
Hang the wig on a wig hanger for easy storage.
Rub the moist cloth over the area of skin sprayed with the perfume.
Let your hair air-dry.
Eat apples and melons.
Make sure the bra straps don't pinch or fall down.
Do not be a fake.
Avoid under or over-filling the packing cubes.
Have the person sit in a comfortable place where you can easily reach their hair.
Organize clothing by size, from smallest to largest.
Fold the waistband away from you three times.
Sort your shoes by style.
Find a tailor who can help you get your jacket to fit.
Attach the waistband to the back and sew.
Tell sexual partners not to lick or touch the piercing while it heals.
Guard against glacial temps with the Twice Around.
Clearly present your style within your portfolio.
Use drawer inserts to keep your hats in a dresser.
Take your time.
Position the tape along the outer corner of your eye.
Utilize floor and door space.
Look at personal preferences.
Loosen the hair slightly and push it forward.
Cut two pieces of fabric and a piece of interfacing into matching rectangles of your desired size.
Place a small dot of glue at the top corner of each flat, right where the fold is.
Be organized.
Add a small amount of water to the mixture, barely any, but just enough to give it a good consistency.
Pull your finger out of the curl.
Tie your knots.
Determine what you need the most.
Know what you're talking about.
Shop around for cricket batting gloves.
Put powder or foundation on your face.
Choose styling products that are specifically designed for fine hair.
Submerge your menstrual cup in a pot of water.
Choose a cleanser that targets bacteria if you have oily skin.
Remove the curlers and moisturize with oil.
Choose dark wash jeans and white shoes for a professional, everyday look.
Pass the mixture through a sieve to capture the flowers and leaves.
Understand the procedure.
Remove from the heat.
Use an antibacterial acne wash to clear and prevent breakouts.
Note a gradual transition of the size and shape of scales.
Use clothing and accessories to cover up the bruise.
Rinse the pearls in distilled water to remove traces of soap.
Protect your ring when cleaning.
Braid the cords to the end.
Act like money is not something you ever think about.
Pick out liquid makeup for your legs that match your skin tone.
Apply black eyeliner to your lashes.
Wrap the strip around a second time.
Keep good care of your pouf by washing out all the soap out from once you are done showering.
Shade your brows.
Consider other healthy supplements.
Use a primer to extend the life of your makeup.
Massage your legs.
Put on ski or snowboard socks.
Collect the tabs.
Wear an opal to increase your creativity and passion.
Grab one of the smaller braids and loosely wrap it around the braid bun you just created with the thick piece of hair.
Follow after your role models.
Search the Web.
Accessorize your basic wardrobe.
Add the whipped egg, 1 tablespoon of castor oil, and 1 tablespoon of coconut oil.
Use dry shampoo throughout roots and mid-lengths.
Identify if you need to adjust your watch.
Repeat this procedure with the other two fourchettes.
Conceal blemishes and apply foundation.
Use yarn.
Find a massage interval that seems beneficial for you.
Shape your brow.
Gather enough safety pins to reach around your wrist.
Wear a younger-smelling cologne or perfume.
Rinse your hair with cold water in the shower.
Value your body by eating a healthy diet.
Consider using a brush with natural bristles.
Do not use Vaseline as an anti-fungal.
Make your shrinking spray.
Make any touch-ups, if needed.
Keep a gratitude journal.
Make as many pages you want and make sure everything is neat.
Get a prescription for antibiotics if the cause is a bacterial infection.
Know when and how to treat breast pain.
Go to a high end department store.
Use frizz fighting products.
Contact the massage instructors: Speak to the instructors to see if the course is the right thing for you and what teaching method they use.
Ensure that the vice jaws are fully opened, remove all jigs and the tail stock from the engraving machine.
Coat your lashes with baby powder in between applications of mascara.
Make sure to have a shower before you start curling your hair.
Test your hair first.
Dry your cup with a clean, dry cloth.
Triple crochet down the chain.
Twist the strip.
Manipulate the ratted hair based on your desired style.
Try different brands.
Work a liquid pomade into your damp hair with your fingers.
Wrap the first section of damp hair around a tube.
Measure and cut four different colored strings of embroidery floss each two yards long.
Add the honey crystals to the jar.
Try inserts.
Mix until the combination is the consistency of paste.
Get any future tattoos at licensed tattoo shops.
Wear pink sneakers with jeans or shorts for a casual vibe.
Consider what other cultures do.
Set (and stick to) a budget.
Breathe.
Purchase shoes that complement the styles you’ve chosen.
Rinse out your hair with cold water after 10 minutes.
Be authentic.
Sew ½-ich (1.27-centimeter) wide elastic to waist.
Get out when you're ready.
Prevent breakouts by cleaning and replacing your reusable sponge.
Store.
Set up your loom just like for an ordinary fishtail.
Consider reporting your lost money to the police.
Never reply to any disturbing texts while at school.
Inform your hairdresser if you have sensitivities to hair color or other chemicals.
At night you can either braid your hair or carefully wrap your head in a silk scarf.
Fold each side of the waistband in towards the center.
Lay on your side for a prenatal massage.
Wear tights with your mini during winter.
Set your washing machine to warm/hot.
Comb the hair upward, keeping your comb parallel to the angled part.
Form the next goal into a ring that passes through the first.
Dab some superglue onto both the stem and the inside of the handle.
Remember that it is a diary entry, not a book.
Start a three-strand braid at your nape.
Install shelves in your closet for more storage surfaces.
Apply a light coating of hairspray.
Choose the fabric you want to use for the top part.
Never leave your house without a guardian aware of the situation first.
Cut the foam board or cardboard in to the following sizes:.
Hem the shorts.
Look after your hair.
Turn the cylinder up keeping the cylinder rotating for 3-5 sec.
Start a new skincare routine.
Line or fill in your top lip with your eyeliner pencil.
Recognize oral thrush.
Remember to pack any toiletries that you will need.
Consult your doctor if your nails won’t grow or separate from your skin.
Be grateful for what you have, both physical and mental.
Spritz curls with hairspray.
Stick with pearls and ribbons.
Open the jump ring  with your round nose pliers in one hand and another set of pliers in the other hand.
Fold the sleeves and shoulders so one side overlaps the other behind the back.
Put your hair in a pair of shoelace buns.
Tell your healthcare providers about any symptoms you’re having.
Consider the pain.
Repeat the curl for each strand of hair in your bangs.
To keep your nails nice and strong, cut and file them often, and consider other factors such as your diet.
Place 1-2 smaller bowls in the hot water for soaking.
Buy from a high-rated online seller.
Establish a healthy routine.
Cut the aloe leaf open into two halves.
Choose natural looking makeup, or go barefaced to the beach.
Rearrange your clothes so they aren’t packed tightly together.
Buy large jackets or rain coats if you need them.
Look for water-resistant fleeces if you live in a climate prone to precipitation.
Tie those straps together in the front and push them in the Obi to hide.
Rinse and dry the shoes immediately.
Sit under a hooded dryer for 1 hour.
Choose trousers made with quality fabrics.
Replace the insoles and the laces and enjoy your freshly-cleaned shoes.
Offer two-for-one promotions toward the end of the day.
Consider goggles to keep the wind out of your eyes while riding down the hill.
Add warm black coffee to the henna in small amounts.
Spray a leather-stretching product on the surface to loosen faux leather.
Detangle your weave with a wide-tooth comb while in the bleach mixture.
Carry a clutch bag to contain your personal items.
Seal the jar or container.
Pair your skirt with basic knits.
Pin your dupatta to your waist for a flashier look.
Use a splash of apple cider vinegar.
Keep your clothes neat, clean, and in good condition.
Learn to recognize high quality henna.
Cut down on salt.
When trying on a bra, place your hands through the straps and bend over at the waist, so that your breasts fall into the cups.
Warm coconut oil in the microwave.
Highlight the center.
Remember that being trendy preppy is a combination of stylish clothing some days and clean-cut northeast Ivy League preppy other days.
Dip your tool into the pigment.
Mind your heel height and thickness.
Let the container sit open for 1 hour to set.
Elevate your outfit with a bedazzled bomber jacket.
Mix the Epsom salts, sea salt and baking soda together well.
Cut two pieces out of gift wrap to cover your cardboard pieces with.
Stick a pen, pencil, or like object through the bottom so that it sticks out of the top.
For your weekly mask treatment, use the naturally grown foods of the earth.
Do not use shampoo containing coal tar.
Pair your evening dress with a silk capelet for a classy addition.
When you're done with your list, have your parents or a friend who is going with you look at it.
Cut the sleeves for straps.
Enjoy your new look.
Monitor your scar for the first year.
Vary this look by adding more or fewer small braids in the front or tucking fresh flowers into the braided sides for a beautiful, earthy feel.
Make an avocado mask.
Ask your stylist to take the bulk out of your hair.
Be aware that your skin is at risk even in cold weather.
Create a one inch grid on either large paper or newsprint.
Remove pet hair from clothing, couches, and other surfaces.
Place your coins into the coin acceptor to begin the water flow.
Work on gathering information, journaling, performing affirmations, taking care of yourself AND practicing with your contact person for at least 30 days.
Blend the lotion for 1-2 minutes to incorporate the essential oil.
Pick a boot with a heel that is at least 2 in (5.1 cm).
Try lasers.
Use cardigans, vests, and blazers.
Tuck a chapstick into the pouch part.
Fold the square piece in half with the wrong sides facing out.
Do what you want!.
Steam the hair.
Opt for a braided bun to create an elegant look.
Rinse out the silk with cold water to get rid of any excess dye.
Prep your hair for braiding.
Do dead-lift squats.
Polish your shoes.
Read the news to stay on top of current and popular events.
Go with the Adidas Yeezy Boost 750 for a streamlined, high-top option.
Understand how it works.
Do strategic bleaching and dying.
Avoid placing your ties on top of each other to prevent wrinkles.
Add scrapbook paper to the inside of a clear cell phone case.
Remove the cap or button from the top of the umbrella.
Search your car.
Select dressier shoes to make your outfit look put-together.
Wear hand me downs.
Fold the handle fabric in half lengthwise and secure the ends with pins.
Apply an anti-frizz product.
Continue to twist.
Avoid fragrances and preservatives.
Try to use mayonnaise for shiny and moisture hair.
Sew the top part of the seam down towards your thumb.
Get your favorite moisturizer or body lotion.
Scrub the stained skin with toothpaste.
Tuck in your shirt.
Pinch the midpoint of this line with your left hand.
Put your hair up into a bun.
Grow your hair out first.
Line the bra up where you want it to sit on the dress or top.
Draw a line from the inner corner of your eye to the outer corner.
Use a flat iron to curl the hair.
Always finish off with some relaxing broad contact strokes (Effleurage).
Look for a tinted finishing powder if you need to even out your skin tone.
Pick a pair of boots with zippers or laces.
Protect your head from the sun using sunscreen or a hat.
Clean dirty and smelly flip flops with a paste made from baking soda and water.
Place the cummerbund over your natural waistline.
Wash your hair.
Get your hair ready.
Put on moisturizer.
Protect the ends of your hair.
Cut out a piece of clear cellophane exactly the same size as the crepe paper.
Apply the cream generously, covering all the hair that you would like to remove.
Pull some fine wisps of hair in front of your face to soften the look.
Use your fingers to blend a cover stick with an acne fighting ingredient on any pimples and redness.
Try high-waisted flared pink cords with a flowy blouse.
Use some home remedies.
Wash your feet every day.
Dry your feet well after a shower or bath.
Excel in life.
Fill a pot with 3 gallons (11 L) of hot water from the sink.
Drink lots of water.
Define your lids with eyeliner and mascara.
Purchase a wig stand or a wig hanger in a local craft or costume store.
After the swelling goes down you can cut back on the mouth rinsing, although due to the fact that food may become lodged within the piercing rinsing after eating food that may get lodged (breads, stringy meats, etc) is a good idea.
Show off some skin if you have a bulky tunic.
Be Romantic.
Tuck the arms into the shirt and wear a belt for an alternate look.
Put on sneakers or boots for casual styles.
Roll the top and back center sections.
Style your hair, if necessary.
Use baking soda when brushing for mild abrasion.
Look up splatter backpacks online.
Place a coffee filter or cheesecloth over your drain.
Go shopping with a good friend you trust and whose style you like.
See a doctor if you're experiencing pain, irritation, redness, or swelling.
Put conditioner with oils designed for your hair and add ½ olive oil to it.
Create a flat twist headband.
Walk with confidence.
Make ten forward knots with that string.A forward knot is looping the string over and under another string and pulling it through taut.Do not repeat as usual.Use single knots.
Pick out the person's size from the drop-down box on the page.
Lay the material on a flat table with the inside out.
Take some leftover fabric and make a sash.
Choose a color that brings out the color of your eyes.
Pack your makeup, if you wear it, and, any hair tools you'll need.
Do not forget about your lips.
Wipe the scrub off with a damp washcloth.
Keeping the hair in small sections, tease the hair just like you did with the front sections.
Melt old soap bars into liquid soap.
Uniformly massage the sour cream onto your face.
Sew one long side of the belt of the Jacquard ribbon.
Dab your forehead with oil-blotting paper to reduce excess oil.
Stay out of waterways, pools, hot tubs, and baths until your piercing heals.
Pick a sturdy material.
Set your makeup with a powder.
Add a burst of color to your outfit with a scarf.
Sleep with a silk or satin pillowcase to prevent frizz and knots.
Take the right dose of activated charcoal if it was prescribed.
Sew the interfacing and brim piece in loops.
Grabbing one side of the base elastic, pull it away from the fork.
Clean the shoes.
Once you are happy with your style and placement, take a small egg-shaped amount of mousse on your hands (or more, depending on hair length and thickness) and spread it between your hands.
Go to the garment bag and put in your special occasion clothing.
Wear different shoes and accessories.
Wear wedge boots with tights and a miniskirt.
Make a "tie-roll" to remove wrinkles.
Be hygienic: Brush your teeth and gargle mouth wash every morning.
Add a layer between your skin and wool to avoid irritation.
Measure jeans in the store before you try them on.
Eat salmon.
You may need to trim out some items.
Once you have chosen your ideal formula, choose a shade.
Create strands of red, white, and green clay.
Show your freckles!.
Pack your workout clothes.
Package in resealable plastic containers.
Remove the old nose pad using a butter knife or flat head screwdriver.
Let cool until almost set.
Make sure you clean the bathroom afterwards.
Let the clothes soak for 10 minutes then check to see if they’re white.
Browse relaxers designed for damaged or fine hair.
Use the space under your bed for more drawers or boxes.
Stretch your hands and fingers to warm them up.
Comb your hair in the direction the spikes will go.
Make four or five evenly placed holes on either side of the gauntlet.
Have a good source of income.
Get fitted for leg pads.
Decorate a plain case with puffy paint.
Apply self-tanner over your legs.
Apply a non-comodegenic, oil-free primer, remembering to blend it upon the eyelids as well, especially if you have oily lids.
Schedule microdermabrasion sessions for a slower fading process.
Lessen the appearance of wrinkles with chemical peels.
Or sew it in by hand.
Buy an eyeglass repair kit.
Insert your eReader and flaunt your brand new cover.
Remember other fundamentals of tooth care.
Use protective styles that don't require you to constantly redo your hair.
Search through your closet.
Obtain coconut oil and rose water.
Spray your hair with hairspray and let the curls set.
Add a small amount of perfume or oil.
Get extensions or weaves.
Rinse your face with lukewarm water.
Choose a service.
Use a wide-tooth comb to untangle knots.
Leave loose pieces of hair free.
Fold the towel over the bra, and repeat several times so that you've gently rolled the bra in the towel.
Blend the makeup on your face.
Pull your jeans over the edge of your boots for a classy look.
Start 2 separate braids, but clip or tie them just below your nape.
Identify what your work boots must do.
Teach children to accessorize instead of buying clothing.
Rub the wax between the tips of your fingers.
Make some ears: You can either replicate the pattern shown here on the right or simply cut out two triangles.
Study.
Avoid tobacco products and caffeine.
Use a sheer balm.
Mix 4 tablespoons of milk or plain yogurt with 2 tablespoons of lemon juice.
Moisturize your legs.
Wrap ⁄4 to 1 inch (1.9 to 2.5 cm) section of your hair around the object twice.
Be sure to dry your hair completely before starting this process.
Use several different colors to create an abstract look.
Tie a knot in your string.
Lead.
Deflect questions about money.
Wear your booties with a midi-length dress for a look that’s glam but demure.
Wear cool pair jeans.
Select a medium-length necklace.
Add about 1 teaspoon (3 g) of powdered foundation.
Use a sealant to trap moisture in your hair if it's particularly dry.
Finish your eye look.
Make up your mind about makeup.
Take the bowl out of the microwave.
Brush the footbed out regularly.
Make sure your hair is always in tip top condition.
Change the heel, if necessary.
Put a wire rack over the egg yolks to hold your jewelry above the eggs.
Use your finger to smooth out the eyeshadow if it creases.
Try starting out with a neutral in your central room.
Repeat the pattern until your bracelet is the length you want it to be.
Be an open-minded and flexible browser.
Ask about having your keloid shaved or surgically removed.
Coordinate your shoes with your outfit.
Consider decorating your containers.
Finish off the look with hair and makeup.
Set your eyeliner with translucent setting powder.
Watch the amount of pressure applied to your legs.
Try a multi-texture perm if you want to have more variety.
Look for the shipping and processing fee(s) most companies will need to add to your order, so the company may be able to ship them to you.
Attach your straps in an 'X' pattern, or just to the rings on the belt loops.
Try a strengthening and volumizing spray.
Mix everything together with a spoon or spatula.
Take out the scrunchies when you wake up the next morning.
Order in a couple different sizes if you’re not sure.
Relax and release your facial muscles.
Finish off your outfit with nice jewelry and matching accessories.
Mix powdered vitamin C into shampoo to leach color from your hair.
List the contents of your lost luggage.
Follow the dye and developer mixing ratio.
Carry a small handbag to keep your essentials in one place.
Use a ruler and a pencil (or chalk) to make a straight line on the bottom of your yet-to-come purse.
Opt for gold, black, and silver.
Select a combination of botanical and oils to complement your skin care regime.
Paste the label on the top of the page onto the front of the jar.
Twist the second French braid under the first one and secure it.
Spray the small section of hair with water.
Braid it.
Achieve a punk look with jeans and a t-shirt.
Try Mary Jane clogs with softer fabrics and colors for a demure look.
Add 2 bands, but don't twist them.
Exfoliate your lips if needed.
Give your feet time.
Pick out some shoes that will look classy.
Brew a strong pot of coffee.
Burn the tag.
Divide the section into two thinner strands.
Take a small blending brush and blend your brown eyeshadow underneath your lower eyelashes, just like we did earlier with the eyeliner.
Spray on a fabric protector.
Turn it into a crop top.
Embrace contrasting colors and patterns.
Store beard oil in a dark closet for up to 12 months.
Apply French tip stickers just above your cuticles.
Make a moisturizing matcha mask.
Wipe pearl jewelry gently before putting your pearl necklace away each time, to remove body oils and perspiration.
Experiment in the dressing room.
Consider pricing of the ring you want to buy.
Cotton - an absolutely natural fabric, most common in clothing for its properties.
Try white sneakers with khakis.
Choose a cream that targets your problem areas.
Try drinking plenty of water.
Tie your scarf like a tie.
Find the length of the jacket.
Towel dry your hair until it is damp.
Now that you are a fashionista, keep up with the trends but remember to always be you!.
Wear solid-colored suspenders if you’re sporting a patterned shirt.
Wear heels to show off your legs.
Eat healthy fats, protein, and calcium every day to strengthen your nails.
Wear flats or sneakers with your dress for a more casual vibe.
Braid the three bundles and make it about the same length as the swirl.
Store the foundation in a cool, dry place.
Soak your ring in the solution for 1 minute.
Remove the straps from all the shoes.
Slightly burn the ends of each paracord so the 7 strands inside the paracord melt into a lump-shape solid.
Clean any excess nail polish.
In 2 months or less you'll have an even-toned complexion that's soft and dewy!.
Stay away from anything that will dry out your hair.
Design a butterfly template.
Get medication during the duration of the virus.
Shampoo and condition your hair.
Create a deep side part with the handle of a rat-tail comb.
Make a calming and hydrating facial mask with rosewater.
Don't scrape or gouge the caulk.
Loop the first band around the tines of a fork.
Emphasize other areas of your face with a bold lip color or eye makeup.
Avoid picking and peeling at all costs.
Color in the closure with an eyebrow pencil in the same color as the dye or eye shadow.
Wear pants or longer skirts to help in covering leg artwork.
Test the onion juice in a small, hidden spot on your skin to test for an allergic reaction.
Use a firm-bristled brush to scrub the footbed of your Chacos.
Scrub suds gently into the canvas using a toothbrush.
Press your lashes back against your lid with your fingertips and hold.
Sit and stand with better posture.
Add laundry detergent and bleach.
Create a simple hairstyle with a low-hanging braid.
Draw lip liner on the outside rim of your lips.
Pat your legs dry (as opposed to rubbing them).
Donate to the less-fortunate.
Go bold if you have dramatic style.
Step 4: Use the light conditioner to cleanse your scalp.
Spritz on perfume or cologne to smell nice.
Take a little bit of foundation that is also 1-2 shades lighter than your natural skin tone, and with your fingers, a sponge, or a foundation brush, blend the foundation all over your face and down to your neck.
Choose ripped jeans if you want an edgy or grudge look.
Talk to your dermatologist if your natural beauty routine doesn’t help.
Remove makeup nightly.
Obtain a pumice stone.
Prepare your eye with a primer or a lotion.
Organize your kitchen.
Pour distilled water into the saucepan.
Set up the sitz bath.
Rinse your hair with white vinegar after you shampoo to fade blue dye.
Be careful.
Choose a design.
Soak the cotton in acetone.
Hold for 10 to 20 seconds.
Make sure you like where you're putting the spikes.
Take a nude shade lip balm/chap stick and apply to your lips.
Come at least five minutes early.
Choose a suit made of Lycra or spandex.
Match black tops with bright jackets.
Swing it, sister.
Drink tons of water for soft, hydrated skin.
Check your measurement on brand sizing charts to find your size.
Remove everything from the room you have chosen, in order to start decorating it.
Wash your hair with shampoo to get rid of all the bleach.
Consider lighting and music.
Cut the new suede patch to match the subpatch.
You don't have to have a designer wardrobe to look classy.
Mix everything together.
Divide your bust measurement by 2.
Flip the brief so that the bra straps are facing you and the brief waistband is away from you.
Avoid using vinegar or ammonia to clean your pearls.
Read a good book or magazine for some indulgent me-time.
Make a homemade anti-fungal spread.
Go easy on styling products.
Lay the sweatpants out over a flat, heat-protected surface.
Use a chart to find your shapewear or swimsuit size.
Change things slowly.
Consider a fleece jacket with a hood.
Grab your bangs between 2 fingers near your eyebrows.
Take the ring and place it in a small cup.
Air-dry your shoes, insoles, and laces rather than putting them into the dryer.
String each pearl onto the thread.
Discard any leftover liquid and all the pulp, as it can get smelly the next day.
Talk with an adult you trust.
Opt for leather over canvas or textile shoes for a more custom fit.
Follow the recommendations for using certain types of female contraceptives.
Treat severely chapped lips.
Run a hot/warm bubble bath.
Measure their relaxed arm at the place where you made the marking.
Pat yourself dry when finished.
Place an iron over the patch for several minutes, moving it back and forth, to adhere the patch to all edges of the hole.
Flip your clutch right side out.
Add to a flour sifter.
Last but not least experiment, if you’re short of cash try second hand shops or clothes swap with friends.
Add contrast to your outfit by pairing biker boots with a feminine dress.
Tie Left and Right together.
Use the negative space on your skin as contrast if you have a lot of ink.
Apply moisturizer.
Take the eyeliner and apply it to your bottom lash line.
Use the toothpick part of the flosser to loosen the fake nail.
Trim your beard back with manual clippers and avoid electric shavers.
Trace the pattern on your fur (on the non-furry side) with your sewing marking pen.
Fold the hem under as you place it on the machine.
Clean the handle.
Comb the hair down and cut off any excess length.
Apply dramatic eyes make up:.
Curl your hair without heat.
Check out your nightwear, swimwear and underwear.
Roll up the scarf in a clean, dry towel to soak off any remaining moisture.
Repeat your folds on the other side.
Turn the hair dryer's speed and heat settings to low.
Pour your bleach mixture over your item of clothing.
Spray your curls lightly with hairspray.
Add garlic to your topcoat.
Don't forget to add a smile.
Apply hydrogen peroxide and sit in the sun.
Remove pilling with a cashmere comb or sweater stone.
Choose a colored and patterned suit vest for a more playful style.
Mark a spot that is 4 inches (10.2 cm) away from the collar, towards the shoulder.
Wipe off the powder nails with a paper towel.
Moisturize yourself with some moisturizer with SPF in it!.
Start with the top layer of hair on the back of your head.
Soak your jacket in a distilled white vinegar solution.
Dab on concealer if your complexion isn't perfect.
Equip your Handbag.
Use heat sparingly.
Choose patterned shoes to liven up dress pants.
Press the floss against your natural nail and move it under the acrylic nail.
Put on clean clothes after you are dry.
Pour several cups of boiling water into a bowl.
Choose a patterned crewneck if you want to make a statement.
Apply some blush.
If you want your bangs or any other part of your hair left down, take it out of the bunch.
Apply cornstarch.
Roll up your jeans to make your socks visible.
Insert your fingernails into the gap.
Try on the skirt.
Add 3 tablespoons (67.5 grams) of honey.
Fold one panel under the other.
Air dry your hair to avoid heat damage.
Wash your hair two to three times a week.
Drink lots of water and maintain a healthy, balanced diet.
Trim two extra strips of fabric on the bias in order to finish the armholes.
Tie both sections together into a ponytail at the back of your head.
Print your planning sheets.
Cut up old clothes into squares for rags or washcloths.
Clean them with a home remedy.
Stretch the new gasket over the form so it covers the edge of the opening.
Talk to your students about your expectations.
Consider using menstrual cups.
Use popular prom dress websites.
Try not to turn it into a chore.
Paint the back of your first strip of paper with glue.
Blow-dry your hair, but only sparingly.
Wear a tucked button-down and loafers for a classy effect.
Think outside the (tampon) box.
Twist your hair around a headband.
Wear a skirt for a more feminine look.
Put aside the outdated jewelry.
Use a gentle skin cleanser on any areas where you apply retinol.
Sweep your hands up the neck and on to the cheeks.
Prop a limp ponytail up with bobby pins.
Review the salon's service menu.
Gently pat your face dry with a clean towel.
Once you can see a faint colouring to the water, pour the water and ribbons into a pan.
Take a head wrap and align it behind your ears.
Go for wider ties and knots.
Protect your scalp from the sun by wearing a hat.
Finish the bracelet.
Spoon the body butter into jars or tins.
Protect your hair from high temperatures.
Grab a bowl.
Try to develop a good relationship with your parents or guardians.
Apply the gloss using a synthetic makeup brush.
Select a fabric or contact paper that you like.
Replace acrylics completely every 6 to 12 months.
Apply beard oil to soften hair and tame flyaways.
Consider foundation.
Squint slightly.
Leave them in for several hours.
Avoid soaking your piercing when bathing or swimming while it heals.
Heat your improvised pot like you normally would to melt the wax.
Pick the right pair of high heels.
Be familiar with the basic types of jewelry: captive ball rings, barbells (straight, curved, or circular), and plugs.
Drink spearmint tea.
Soak your hair in lemon juice for 1 hour to gradually lighten your hair.
Use the resulting liquid just as you would use a shampoo, only more liberally.
Keep your curling iron in a drawer when it's not in use.
Find a good dermatologist and start seeing them regularly.
Put the bag in the washing machine.
Strain the scented water, petals and buds.
Know the risks.
Place the fabric squares on top of each other so that the wrong side of each fabric is facing out.
Remove the scar with dermabrasion.
Continue this process until you have the right length bracelet.
Wear long-sleeved, button-down, collared shirts.
Stick adhesive-backed rhinestones, crystals, or patches onto your shoes.
Avoid shampoos, conditioners, and hair products containing sulfates, silicones, and parabens.
Get a corticosteroid injection.
Boost the humidity in your house.
Paint squares of top coat over the letters.
First, wet the client's hair.
Fold and sew your lining fabric.
Choose quality shampoos and conditioners.
Soak and massage your feet at the end of the day.
Test the hair.
Place a small amount of facial oil or moisturizer into a small dish.
Get tapered layers to emphasize the length of your hair.
Remove the tape slowly.
Use eyeshadow.
Be open to trying something new.
Turn the shower on to a high setting.
Don't be mean and snobby.
Combine vitamin E oil and petroleum jelly if your skin is dry.
Make a fizzy, aromatic shower powder.
Soak at different depths to create an ombre look.
Use lemon juice as a natural lightener.
Accessorize with gold jewelry to make your dress stand out.
Watch your body language during your interactions.
Choose a stack perm if your hair is cut the same length.
Use hot showers, time in the sun, and swimming in chlorinated pools.
Dab on alcohol-free aftershave.
Find a stylist with hair similar to yours and ask them what they use in their hair.
Cut and burn the end of the paracord carefully, not to burn the cords beside it.
Push back the cuticles (the cuticles are the parts of skin then slightly overlap your nails) as this will protect the nails from infections.
Pack the extras like eye make-up remover and hand cream.
Mix in the aloe vera gel.
Wear a thong if you prefer slimmer fitting clothing.
Store your watch properly.
Soften the blowout.
Enjoy your swim.
Blast the top sections of your straightened hair with cool air.
Add a some sugar (optional).
Cut the fabric.
Dip your hands into the warm water, and hold them there for roughly five minutes.
Choose a carrier oil.
Remember to take it easy.
Return if you're unhappy.
Champion causes that promote individual liberty.
Remove blue hair dye by washing your hair with dish detergent.
Cornrow the section to the right side of your head.
Ask for a quiff.
Part a section of your hair at the "crown" of your head, and comb it down smooth.
Employ wax to fancy it up.
Comb through your hair with any brush.
Once the finger nails are done, massage the face again.
Eat healthy so you stay fit.
Adjust the fabric.
Wear simple or no jewelry.
Moisten the crease with a special leather oil.
Determine how much coverage you want.
Avoid wearing your shoes in the rain as water stains suede easily.
Gather another section, and measure it up against the already-cut one.
Provide free tattoos to friends and family to get some practice.
Stitch a line down the middle of each feather.
Wet the shoes with water a bit then scrub, with leather scrub gently because scrubbing them hard can damage them.
Sweep your fingers along the trapezius to loosen the fascia.
Try cryotherapy.
Apply a bronzer to your cheek bones with a large makeup brush.
Don't overdo perfume, overdo deodorant.
Have control.
Spend time with people who are mature.
Use sharp, clean, high-quality blades.
Make any finishing touches or alterations that you wish to make.
Apply black mascara to your upper lashes, not your lower.
Wear comfortable shoes.
Wash the shoes on a delicate cycle with cold water and a mild detergent.
Follow the coordinator’s rules.
Use knee-high boots to make a statement.
Wear comfortable shoes that you don't trip over.
Wear a shirt that is a contrasting color to your hair.
Get them inscribed.
Apply lather to face.
Continue the pattern.
Get a microdermabrasion session.
Put eye tweezers, nail clippers and files, brow brushes, etc.
Consider camouflage tattooing.
Listen to your favorite music to distract yourself.
Put the shorts into the dryer or let them air-dry, depending on the fabric.
Sleep with a humidifier in your room.
Plan a relaxing getaway.
Use a headband to hide your dirty roots.
Buy a nice belt to spice up plain jeans or slacks.
It all depends on which design you want to do.
Try a snapback cap or a beanie.
Brush the ring as if you were brushing your teeth.
Place a bag inside each shoe.
Eat a diet rich in raw vegetables.
Eat a balanced diet and stay hydrated.
Secure your hair.
Eat the white.
Light a candle.
Pair heels with skinny jeans, boyfriend jeans, or cocktail dresses.
Add 2 tablespoons (30 grams) of honey.
Remove excess dirt.
Colours .
Ask your doctor to prescribe a safe cosmetic nipple lightening cream.
Pour all of the ingredients into a ceramic or glass bowl.
Just keep in mind that with great power comes great responsibility.
Motivate.
Get organized!.
Throw away items that are not reusable.
Brush each side until smooth.
Do be clear on what you do want.
Take a vitamin A, B, C, or E supplement to nourish your hair roots.
Begin drying the dress on low heat.
Cleanse.
Turn the widening handle to widen your shoe.
Store in a dry, airtight container in a cool place until ready for use.
Use.
Put it up.
Keep your nails healthy.
Keep your jewelry box in a cool, dry location.
Find other uses for pineapple.
Apply the lubricant directly to the zipper teeth.
Separate the ends of your hair with your fingers.
Adjust both the hooks and strap size of the bra to achieve a comfortable fit when trying on a bra.
Cut the loofah down the middle section.
Pick brogues as your dress shoe when styling dresses and skirts.
Get a scarf that is approximately 59 in (1.5 m) long.
Pick the right products.
When done with that side, have them face down again to work through their entire back again and finish with the shoulders and neck,to help maintain a relaxed state.
Wear rubber gloves when doing housework.
Eat foods that encourage hair growth.
Combine the honey and banana in a food processor.
Clean your ring with alcohol swabs.
Sort out some shoes.
Collect at least six smooth stones that fit comfortably in your palm.
Try an athleisure look for brunch.
Find the seam and pull the extra fabric together.
Use a foundation, like the M.A.C Studio Fix Fluid SPF 15, but apply it like a concealer.
Rock this simple, yet intricate looking three-braid updo for a goddess-like look that compliments any red carpet gown.
Trim your brows to keep a defined shape.
Rub the perfumed cream into your hands.
Roll out a piece of the self-adhesive cork to the length of the shoe.
Secure your bun with a clear hair net as an alternative option.
Repeat the twisting process on the rest of your hair.
Try turmeric to fight aging and acne.
Lay the 2 warp wires parallel to each other on your work surface.
Set it outside of either your shower or bath, or if it's in a waterproof container, it can be with you.
Ask yourself why you want one.
Trim the right and left sections.
Sprinkle baking soda in your shoes to absorb odors.
Clean the lenses with dish soap and water to rinse off the compound.
Lift your breasts through exercise.
Choose a brush or comb.
Increase your moisturization levels.
Close all snaps and zippers and button all buttons.
Place your wrist at one end of the scarf.
Limit your use of flat irons and curling irons.
Ask others what they love about you.
Repeat with the second leg warmer.
Pour the mixture into a suitable mould.
Fill in your eyebrow.
Grind the dry ingredients.
Use as normal.
Hang belts.
Use toner and moisturize.
Record your hand span.
Try new things because they make you seem intriguing.
Maintain a strict laundry schedule.
Test the assembly.
Dislodge blackheads - Add a teaspoon of Epsom salt and 3 drops iodine into a half cup of boiling water.
Locate your suitcase with your luggage tracking device.
Pick out the clothes the night before and make sure they are wrinkle free and make sure the right shoes, boots or sandals go with the outfit.
Paint your toenails before you wear a toe ring.
Turn the heat off and allow the fabric to continue to soak for a richer color.
Bend the hook fully closed.
Expect discomfort and try to avoid activities that will irritate it.
Rinse your face.
Apply liquid liner and mascara.
Style your hair as desired.
Make tie dye cupcakes.
Cut side swept bangs (optional).
Scrunch wet hair.
Ask a friend what they use.
Mix the aloe vera with 1 tablespoon (15 mL) of virgin coconut oil.
Examine your armpits in the mirror.
Place newspapers on your bathroom floor.
Push back the cuticle on each fingernail.
Put some white eyeshadow in the tear duct (the part where the eye ends in the left) and on the browbone (the area below the brows) and blend.
Use cotton makeup remover pads to apply the shampoo/oil mixture and remove your makeup.
Place a stencil or DIY stencil on the desired area of your jean jacket.
Wash the kids one by one.
Remove unnecessary people from the location.
Stick with shoes that look classy over shoes that look sexy.
Apply your foundation and concealer.
Try butt-toning exercises every other day.
Wear a cravat untied around your neck like a scarf.
Define the cheeks.
Get glasses that have grip strips on the ends of the arms so they’re less likely to slip.
Touch up your hair.
Add sneakers to your outfit for a sportier look.
Get creative with your part placement.
Vary the times depending on the mask's purpose.
Have good hygiene.
Pack a bathrobe for after you have delivered your baby.
Secure the start.
Continue for as long as you have hair to incorporate.
Make sure you bring your own water bottle.
Spray the curls with hairspray.
Wash your face with an appropriate cleanser.
Repeat the massage on the inside and the outside of your foot.
Consider adding a decorations to the end of your braid after you tie it off.
Conduct maintenance when you feel it is necessary.
If you want your eyes to look bigger then you can use white eyeliner on your bottom waterline.
Don't use your car for storage.
Prepare a little workspace where you will start.
Try press on nails or tips.
Use ball of foot cushions to fill the toe area of the shoes.
Seek help from a therapist.
If you'd prefer a dress, instead choose a longer style with flow and a romantic touch.
Put on the nozzle attachment and start blow drying your hair on a medium heat setting.
Apply a base coat.
Expect to be punished.
Add a few drops of glitter gel into the mixture.
Use orange peels.
Comb hair along desired part lines.
Use a 4-stage nail buffer to remove oxidation and minor scuffs.
Wash your hair and scalp 2-3 times a week if possible.
Purchase the oil at a decent price.
Choose cotton undergarments and synthetic outerwear.
Create a demure outfit with pale pink cords and a lace top.
Add a belt.
Bags and Clutches.
Steam or iron the finished area of embroidery to help smooth the area and prevent (or fix) any slight puckering.
Exercise often.
The first step to looking like a WAG is confidence, believe that you are beautiful and deserve all eyes on you at all times!.
Tie up your hair with a donut for a military-style bun.
Use your body wash. You can use this as any other store-bought body wash. Be sure to shake it each time before you use it, as the ingredients will settle.
Accessorize sparingly.
Create a simple belt from a one-strand necklace that has a clasp.
Put on your bathing suit bottoms.
Rinse out the conditioner.
Remember to apply sunscreen before and during your trip.
Leave beauty mask on for approximately 20 min.
Get a sports headband, and put it on your head like a boho headband.
Apply vitamin C with zinc to reduce inflammation that causes acne.
Gather your supplies and find a place to work.
See your doctor if you have red skin that doesn’t go away after 1 week.
Now go out and have fun!.
Choose a pair with a heel for a more feminine look.
Trim your hair every 8 weeks.
Give your skin some TLC with a face mask before you get in the tub.
Trim cotton pads and aluminum strips.
Separate the hair to plait.
Use hair products specifically designed for use with helmets.
Take the yellow and stretch it across the 2nd section of your eye.
Add shine to thinning hair.
Make sure your heat tools are clean before you use them.
Do the same to sew the vamp onto sole.
Use concealer to even out eyeliner wings.
Staple the top until there is a big enough gap to fit your USB Cord in.
Sand the nail tip to create a smooth surface.
Apply shoe-stretching sprays with caution.
Wash your skin regularly.
Wear colors that match the outfit and occasion.
Create a quick pocket puff.
Apply styling products right after you shower.
Pinch the center of the blade just below the knot with your index finger.
Rinse to remove traces of oil and eyeliner.
Talk to a doctor if you don’t know the source of your foot pain.
Identify the waist size and leg length using the sizing numbers.
Learn about suntans and sun exposure.
Have the shoe retailer measure your foot.
Take the second "wedge" brush and dab light blush up on your cheek bones, ending to the side of your eyes.
Remove the hair clips and separate them with your hands.
Fight frizz with anti-frizz products.
Pick a cool hair color.
Use an astringent.
Wear lip balm.
Make a multi-colored wig, such as Munkustrap or Alonzo: This is essentially the same method, except you cut the base pattern into quarters.
Immediately start the coffee pot as soon as you wake up.
Pair pink dress shoes with tailored slacks for a polished look.
See a dermatologist if your nails change color or shape.
Consider the calves or shoulder for pain in the lower- to mid-range.
Include details when you write down appointments.
Try a cute up-do.
Glue along the headband.
Pour the rinse over your hair.
Add eyeshadow primer (optional).
Recreate the spa atmosphere.
Add a scarf, hat, and boots for a cozy fall or winter look.
Use concealer or foundation to hide piercing holes.
Apply the mixture to wet hair.
Split hair into eight sections.
Start by cutting one side only.
Reduce Stress.
Trace the upper curve of your breasts with an eye pencil.
Look at the clothes in your closet that you hardly ever wear.
Check out the seller’s website.
Experiment with metallic fabrics and colors.
Apply the day cream each morning.
Secure the rag around your hair with a knot.
Place a tension rod between two walls in a corner or in nook.
Rub a slice of fruit on your skin.
Mix 4 tbsp (36 g) of turmeric and 5 tablespoons (74 mL) of raw milk.
Make your own conditioner with coconut milk and lime.
Pack your suit in a suit bag.
Keep wounds hydrated with petroleum jelly while they heal.
Apply lipstick.
Now put your jewelry back into your jewelry box.
Turn off your phone and other electronics before you go to sleep.
Buy a tie dye top coat.
Use a primer with SPF in the summer.
Apply cuticle oil.
Stitch the tulle and embellishment onto the garter.
Match your sunglasses with your outfit.
Get a small bowl and pour olive oil into it.
Fold your fabric and place the back pattern piece on the fold.
To remove make-up stains, put dish detergent, or shampoo (preferably a grease cutting formula).
Climb safely.
Move the ELE attachment along the lower eyelid 3 times.
Use a tinted moisturizer or a mineral face powder.
Re-apply concealer and moisturizer.
Be patient.
Use storage bins and drawers if you want to put seasonal scarves away.
Wash your hair once a day with the shampoo and conditioner.
Check the stone that you are considering buying in various types of lighting.
If your parents allow you to wear makeup don't overdo it!.
Add ½ teaspoon (2.5 grams) of cinnamon.
Pay close attention.
Let your bootcut jeans fall over the tops of the boots.
Try to avoid stressful things and sweating.
Visit the shop and look at their photos.
Keep yourself groomed.
Let the mask sit on your hair for at least 15 minutes.
Flip your head upside down to add volume, scrunching the ends for curls.
Write the date and you are finished!.
Measure your waist and cut elastic.
Dip a white cloth or rag into the bowl of alcohol or acetone.
Practice basic self care.
Repeat three times per week.
Decorate the strips of paper.
Use a deep conditioning treatment after using any color-fading methods.
Spoon the mixture into molds.
Apply a nice smelling perfume or cologne if you want to.
Undo the braids and gently finger comb your hair.
Secure the curl.
Sew the binding to the bag approximately 1” below the top of the bag.
Choose a boot with a chunky heel to elongate your legs.
Wait for it to set.
Continue to braid in this fashion until you run out of hair to gather.
Secure the hair near your front hairline with a hair tie.
Tie the fabric or ribbon onto the straps of your flip-flops.
Cover each nail of one hand with a thin layer of cuticle oil.
Give them your money and/or valuables.
Determine how to pay for the procedure.
Fold the pants along the crease or the zipper, depending on the style.
Use a microfiber towel to apply a leather conditioner o your leather jacket.
Cut your hair using short, upward snips.
Partition the room.
Don’t rub your eyes.
Go to a salon.
Change your Softdisc before bed for overnight protection.
Rinse your dress in warm water, then switch to cool.
Sew the sides of the dress, then turn it right-side out.
Exfoliate to help prevent hyper-pigmentation and acne scars.
Make a selection (or several).
Choose your board and bindings.
Dress for an Athletic Shape: The women with the athletic body types have a straight, well-defined, and toned figure.
Remove any excess residue with a q-tip and some moisturizer.
Clean your face and apply a primer.
Begin your braid.
Take care of your normal activities.
Spread mashed strawberries on your teeth for a natural solution.
Tidy the edges.
Roll four small balls of clay.
Select a metallic eyeshadow of your choice and using a medium sized eyeshadow brush, sweep the shadow across your upper lid.
Having a jacket with a ticket pocket [a small pocket above the right pocket of the jacket] helps in distracting from the height.
Prevent dry and rough feet.
Repeat this same process for following layers.
Figure out your best blush.
Position your bag in front of you for easy access.
Draw a vertical line along the right side of your grid paper.
Part your hair down the center.
Pour cornstarch or baby powder over the oil.
Add reminders.
Read magazines to find the latest trends.
Allow the sack to dry overnight with the rubber bands on.
Wash hand dyed linens separately the first 2 to 3 times.
Create a list of features you want in your calendar system.
Select how many wallets you want and whether you want to keep the art.
Prepare for attending the onsen.
Take a shower, use antiperspirant/deodorant when waking up in the morning.
Avoid quick fixes.
Remove a strand of hair.
Switch to a plait braid once your reach your center part at your hairline.
Reapply waterproofing products as often as needed.
Use as little nail polish remover as possible, and never use a polish remover with acetone in it.
Take a shower regularly.
Zipper the remainder of the zipper back to the very top of the garment.
Try a makeup removing pen.
Add 5 to 10 drops of your favorite essential oil into a clean bowl.
Fill up a bowl of warm, soapy water.
Pick out an outfit.
Clean your eyelids and lashes.
Mix a solution of warm water, baking soda, and table salt.
Dry boiled socks using the hottest dryer setting possible.
Call the police emergency number if you feel you are in immediate danger.
Bend the frames in the center to tighten or loosen the glasses.
Remove the inside pages of the book, being careful to preserve the cover and spine.
Combine twists.
Make another wrap and finish the turban.
Carefully remove the cup from the pot and set it aside for 5 minutes.
Create a waistline using a belt.
Separate the egg and save the yolk.
Belt a long turtleneck sweater to define your waist.
Clean untreated leather shoes differently than treated leather.
Treat acne if needed.
Trim the top box.
Avoid buying clothing from street side vendors.
Keep make-up to a minimum.
Never yank, pull, or tug on the leggings.
Contact the manufacturer with special orders or questions.
Wet your Chacos and sprinkle baking soda onto the footbed.
Install tension rods to hang your heels.
Wear as a draped dress.
Learn what causes underarm odor.
Stay fit.
Make sure your workplace dress codes allows you to wear leggings to work at all.
Clean up down south.
Allow indigo mixture to set.
Cut away cleanly, reverse the feet directions to the sleepers you keep finding your child unzipping, and resew these feet back onto the garment.
Stitch the inside corners of the rickrack.
Compare your wrist measurement to your height using a body frame size chart.
Find a reputable Mobile Massage Therapy Service.
Find the light source.
Sleep with a satin headscarf or pillowcase.
Cleanse your lash extensions every day to remove buildup.
Protect your workspace with newspaper or a drop cloth.
Time to sew!.
Buy a dedicated leather conditioner.
Keep your fingernails neatly groomed.
Keep your hair cut short to make it look thicker.
Be sensitive to the reasons a student may not want to shower.
Add a dime-sized bit of gel to your hair.
Rinse out the remover, then shampoo and condition as usual.
Chew sesame seeds.
Wash silver earrings with warm water and baking soda.
Cut the cord close to the knot, then seal the end.
Fit small items inside of your shoes.
Undergo surgery to have the tattoo partially removed.
Acquire a menswear-inspired vest.
Add 1/2 to 1 teaspoon of your favorite rainbow colors i.e water soluble color or soap color.
Rotate the bead so the opening groove faces upwards.
Add other items if you like them.
Undo the rags in the morning.
Apply natural makeup.
Contact the company directly.
Apply a lightening spray for an effortless lightening option.
Use ammonia only on solid gold or diamond rings.
Buy a hair detangler spray.
Research the brands.
Measure from your hip to your ankle.
Don’t show any skin between the dress and boots.
Consider  keeping Non-applicator tampons in the boxes they came in.
Buff your nails to even out rough spots.
Have a bit of flexibility.
Wrap tape around the ends of the cord to prevent it from fraying.
Avoid heat styling when possible.
Use an oatmeal face mask if you have acne, sensitive, or oily skin.
Wear flat boots with a short skirt or shorts.
Gather up some mint leaves.
Gather your hair into a half-up, half-down ponytail or two pigtails.
Repeat for a pair.
How you wash your hair is equally important... Start by completely soaking your hair in warm water (if the hair isn't totally wet, you won't be able to wash it correctly) Then, lather on some shampoo (an amount the size of walnut should be fine).
Use a good foundation and rub evenly on the face, being careful not to use to much in an area.
Do your job with a smile.
Add a snap closure to a wrap dress for multiple options.
Add waves.
Keep your muscles relaxed as much as possible.
Make your denim shirt a loose belt by tying it around your waist.
Check for the Vera Bradley zipper and metal piece on straps.
Maintain your spray tan.
Use your finger to spread a thick layer of petroleum jelly over your lips.
Use your current timezone.
Pinch the bead between your fingers and fit it around the bracelet.
Place baking soda and cornstarch into a bowl.
Soak the clothes in this solution until they are completely and evenly wet.
Advertise your shop through numerous outlets.
Continue to apply light layers of polish until the shoes begin to shine.
Try some tinsel.
Mark the twist plate position onto your bag/purse/clutch flap.
Start your sleeve when you’re ready to spend some money.
Make your vanity look more interesting by decorating it.
Use your hands and bend the headpins 80 to 90 degrees above the small round spacer beads.
Avoid nagging your hairy man.
Always change your tampon every four to eight hours.
Put scented powder into a shaker or a container with a powder puff.
Pack two traveling outfits.
Carefully peel it off of your face.
Next spread the honey all over your face and remember to put a towel under you so you don't make a mess.
Wait until the correct healing time has elapsed before even thinking about changing jewelry, especially lower-grade jewelry.
Create your holiday themed design on the outer background fabric before you assemble it.
Do a REGULAR braid on the hair.
Live an outdoorsy lifestyle.
Consult with a plastic surgeon.
Find a therapist you feel comfortable with.
Review the seller's feedback rating and comments.
Apply some heat.
Get an old toothbrush and Dove soap.
Use a measuring tape to measure across the middle of the upper arm sleeve.
Wet the cleanser with warm water and scrub it off your skin.
Select a ripe avocado.
Be confident in yourself and in your beauty.
Wear a sheer dress top with dark-wash, white, or black denim.
Finished.
Wear bronzer and blush.
Put the coconut cream in a jar and keep it warm overnight.
Submerge your necklace in the mixture and make sure it touches the foil.
Massage the product gently into your skin for about 2-5 minutes.
Set your wig on a wig stand and pin it in place.
Move your right hand around your left to the bottom of the T-shirt.
Redefine the dividing line with the same shade.
Smooth your skin with honey: TV host and former model Padma Lakshmi washes her face, then slathers on the sticky stuff in the shower.
Purchase a mascara wand or cotton swabs.
Wet your face slightly.
Soak and scrub your feet with a home remedy.
Voila!.
Mix a few drops of peppermint oil with almond oil for a refreshing foot massage, if you need a little extra care.
Check that the middle of the bra is lying flat in front.
Prep your nails by trimming, filing, and pushing back the cuticles.
Avoid unhealthy habits, like smoking and binge drinking, so you feel better.
Reapply powder as necessary.
Get a small glass of drinking water.
Fold two origami models from the squares of paper.
There will be a crust, or hard spot around the hole where you've been pierced, but this should disappear in two to three months.
Apply the yogurt conditioner to clean, shampooed hair.
Follow the one year rule.
Reach out to design houses to submit your name for volunteering.
Pick a new hairstyle that covers your roots for a quick fix.
Create more complex designs as you gain experience.
Put a white beard around Santa's chin, covering the mouth.
Add some studs.
Avoid over processing your hair.
Cut two felt, fleece or thin foam panels the same size as above and attach them to your paper board panels with craft glue.
Use a light primer to emphasize the true shade of your lipstick.
Eat a healthy diet rich in antioxidants and omega-3 fatty acids.
Start by washing your face.
Use 100% acetone to dissolve vinyl logos.
Braid two strands of hair from behind your ears.
Locate the second string with your free hand.
Footwear does not have to be as varied as the shirt and lower wear, but it is preferred: Examples of classy footwear would be plain flats.
Turn them inside out or keep the shorts right side out.
Pair your sheer dress with a tight patterned dress to show off your style.
Buy waterproof eyeliner.
Search for an apprenticeship if you want to grow your skill set.
Re-purpose clothes.
Next, dab a light pink liquid blush  [or regular, but liquid is preferred] on the temples, cheeks, and chin.
Wear chunky wedges with capris or skirts to make your ankles look skinnier.
Replace your toothbrush head at least every 3 months.
Twist and cut the strands.
Use the fabric you cut off (if applicable) to form new cuffs for your skinnies.
Wrap a layer of cellophane over the towels.
Ask about radiation therapy.
Choose the colors.
Connect your power source.
Spray a commercial deodorizer inside your slippers for stubborn smells.
Add in the cost of the tip.
Go for a pair of sneakers made with high-end fabrics like leather or suede.
Place the large pan onto the stove top.
Look online first on a search and get some ideas for styles you like.
Get a dark brown and put it in the outer area of your eye.
Blend the concealer downward.
Add a poof through teasing.
Give your hair time to adjust.
Do a 30-minute facial treatment with orange juice and yogurt.
Keep the makeup that suits you best.
Eat healthy and drink a lot of water.
Check your vitamin levels.
Avoid wearing the same pair of boots every single day.
Add 1 teaspoon (3 ml) of essential oil to the mixture, if desired.
Get your hair trimmed often.
Pack your fun bag.
Relieve achy feet with vinegar and salt soak.
Consult city ordinances before creating a home massage business.
Add eyeshadow to the outer edges of your eyelids.
Avoid wearing open shoes or walking barefoot.
Take one strap and pull the bra out of your shirt.
Use sunscreen.
Ask a partner to help you.
Apply a light, semi-matte blush to the cheeks.
Remove all jewellery in your piercings to make it undetectable.
Buy makeup when you go shopping with a friend.
Tie a belt around your waist to split your dress in half.
Start with a ponytail.
Try rubbing alcohol.
Set limits.
Place the design henna side down onto your skin.
Create a base.
Wait for the letters to dry, then peel them off with a pair of tweezers.
Organize your evening hours well.
Eat a diet heavy in fruits and vegetables.
Moisturize!.
Take a sharp eyeliner pencil and draw a line on your upper lid.
After the trip, write down what you wish you'd have brought and what you didn't need (or brought too much of).
Turn the slow cooker on to "Low" for 3 to 5 hours.
Have a stylist trim your ends every 4-8 weeks.
Dedicate yourself to your journey of growing out your natural hair from relaxers.
Put on a patterned top to spice up plain windbreaker pants.
Wait 30 minutes for the glue to dry, then add some charms, if desired.
Balance your diet.
Find an app which you want to close.
Keep wrapping it.
Research reputable dermatologists.
Don’t list prices on any items.
Get your materials together.
Get treatment for an underlying medical condition.
Organize the clothes and accessories you keep.
Make sure that you are aware of any rules related to student showering.
Look at their colours and think of colored clothes will suit them.
Choose the height of heels by taking into consideration what schedule of the day.
Slide the knot towards the beginning of the braid.
Learn about what your hair wants or does not want in order to be shiny.
See a therapist.
Use warm not hot water.
Roll the top and middle layers of your hair.
Allow the polish to dry completely.
If the pants have an unfinished bottom, you are on your way.
Bring along a bikini cover up.
Curl a few pieces of hair with a curling wand.
Use a handheld steamer.
Avoid harsh juices.
Finger-comb your curls.
Add invisible volume with texturizing spray.
Take care of your personal hygiene, such as keeping your nails trimmed, ears clean, etc.
Consider purchasing a warranty.
Top it off with one teaspoon of pumpkin pie spice or any essential oils you want.
Spray them with a vinegar and water mixture.
Use your hairbrush and stir the water so it is bubbly.
Take the foundation that is the same color of your skin and apply with a thick, stout brush to the other areas of your face.
Do your make up.
Sew handles right sides together using a ⁄4 inch (0.6 cm) seam down the length of the fabric.
Laser away scars to guarantee their riddance.
Massage the oil into the wax.
Work out regularly.
Make sure your tattoo artist uses new or disposable needles.
Take a short piece of clear tape and tap it onto your hand.
After you get out, put some moisturiser onto your body and let it soak in.
Be sure to remember running shoes, shoe inserts, knee-pads, shin-guards, etc if required.
Brush on a layer of gel polish foundation.
Substitute coconut oil for gel.
Put your feet up.
Create a deep-cleaning schedule.
Choose clothing items that fit your lifestyle.
Clean your piercings last.
Secure the chain to your belt.
Cover the mixture with plastic wrap to let it set for 4-6 hours.
Don't ignore common sense instincts about a pearl's price.
Wait patiently for your curls to grow out after a chemical relaxer.
Take a multivitamin.
Wrap the measuring tape around the fullest part of the person’s bust.
Use your chosen lotion as your base and layer the oils in the order of what you want a higher concentration of.
Rub face primer on your shoulders.
Use a base coat when painting your nails to prevent yellowing.
Apply the dye to your roots only for a quick root touch-up.
Put on the jeans.
Style your hair each day.
Define your waist with a belt.
Talk to your doctor before taking activated charcoal for medicinal benefits.
Use rosemary tea to make basic rosemary shampoo.
Twist 1 side of the band to make an 8.
Sponge yourself with someone's help by putting correct amount of antiseptic liquid in hot water.
Take a pinch of the hair removal agent.
Count their models.
Get a good shopping day!.
Boil some water.
Be aware confidence needs to show.
Purchase all necessary notions such as hooks, eyes,  zippers, buttons, lace, hemming lace, Interfacing, etc.
Repeat these steps with the other origami model.
Throw on a black turtleneck with dark dress pants for a sleek look.
Clean the surface of your plastic lenses as you would normally.
Use care when using Vaseline as a personal lubricant.
See your doctor if you might have a skin condition.
Close the butterfly closure.
Consider trimming your hair once every 6-8 weeks.
Coat stains in a paste made from baking soda for gentle cleaning.
Look straight towards the camera with face straight on.
Use a shoe stretcher to gradually widen leather shoes.
Consider the size of your tattoo.
Practice being kind to everyone you meet.
Prime your eyes with your primer of choice.
Comb through your hair.
Keep your hair dandruff-free and wash it every other day for grease-free, glossy locks.
Grab the bottom band using your fingers or a hook.
Cross strand 5 under strand 4, then over strand 1.
Bag your shirts in plastic.
Maintain your bikini.
Tap Remove.
Choose a shoe store with service personnel to help you buy your children's shoes.
Swipe down from the top of your home screen on your S10.
Dry your pelts on a stretcher if you plan on transporting them.
Test a cleaner before applying it to your whole shoe.
Pin the pattern on the fabric, and, using the adjusted measurements you took earlier, cut out the measurements you created.
Avoid stepping in dirt.
Wear the right skirt.
Lay your panty front side up on a flat surface.
Sleek down the edges.
Apply a coat of leather polish to your shoes once they’re clean.
Create an infinity scarf.
Avoid wearing red shoes with trashy or suggestive pieces.
Add a camel scarf to any outfit to make it cohesive.
Brush out the curls to soften them, if needed.
Beware shady locations.
Start bringing in new hair.
Make a simple baking soda mouthwash.
Gather up the top half of your hair, then clip it out of the way.
Set up a budget.
Take the left part of the braid (the part that isn't  twisted and looks like a normal braid) and gently tug those loops gently.
Apply the spray to wet hair and leave on for several minutes.
Focus on confidence and the right attitude!.
Try facial steaming.
Go for bold statement jewelry if you want to stand out.
Pour the moisturizer into the sterilized bottle.
Wash your face with warm water when the stain has been lifted from your skin.
Repeat the process on your left side.
Repeat if you missed some spots, then wash off the toothpaste.
Opt for fragrance free products.
Add about 1/2 teaspoon of shimmer dust or cosmetic glitter.
Buy new mascara every three months.
Do not attempt to hide skin flaws with obvious layers of makeup unless they are very noticeable or serious.
Soak your hands for 5 minutes.
Bring in a picture.
Choose a lightweight base.
Slick your hair back into a high bun for an elegant look.
Wash the shoelaces and insoles.
Look for beads.
Examine photographs of the handbag.
Avoid using “black henna” on your skin or hair.
Use bobby pins or an elastic band to secure the wig to your hair.
Use 1 to 2 coffee scrub cubes at 1 time.
Once hair is thoroughly dry, you can start straightening!.
Allow the mixture to sit for ten minutes before using.
Trim your nails.
Run and jump!.
Roll your khakis.
Try not to change your children into garments that are associated with slightly-warmer temperatures than what is to be expected for that night (unless you plan on making it mandatory to swaddle them in heavier-weighted blankets-no matter what their age might be.)!.
Wash the skin with soap and water.
Apply a hydrating hair mask.
Keep adding beads and wrapping the wire until you are one bead's width from the end of the bobby in.
Add in 1 teaspoon of both vitamin E oil and aloe vera gel.
Surround yourself with caring people.
Prepare for cooler weather with a scarf.
Lay the jacket out on an ironing board.
Use jumbo rollers to straighten your hair.
Even though it's hard, pick ONE fashion style that you like the best and use that as your main style.
Adjust the positioning of the strips so that they look even.
Put on some subtle makeup if you like.
Warm up the double boiler gently.
Try a baking soda scrub.
Look into laser removal.
Work on your lips.
Blend the two colors together with a blending brush.
Combine all ingredients in small bowl; mix thoroughly.
Tap the "Digital Touch" icon.
Keep your eye shadow light.
Verify that your lenses are plastic, not glass.
Place the lace on top of the inner hoop.
Avoid blow dryers and other heated hair products.
Ask your new friend about his/her friends.
Wear loose clothing that doesn't rub against the tattoo.
Wear lipstick and blush.
Fill the foot bath with warm water.
Loosen your braids with your fingers before putting up your hair.
Click Find iPhone.
Limit how much you use heat on your hair.
Put on lip gloss/lipstick.
Keep hair clean.
Select heavy and strong wooden hangers with a smooth shape for coats and other heavy garments.
Tie your scarf in a hacking knot.
Leave your lashes bare.
Take a warm shower to open up your pores.
Decide your eyeshadows.
Wear spectator 2-tone brogues with a black pinstripe suit for a bold look.
Apply mascara and false lashes.
Identify how short you want them to be.
Wear your scarf like Rosie the Riveter.
Brainstorm a bucket list if you want motivation to accomplish your goals.
Gently apply pressure to the bra inside the towel to remove excess water from the bra.
Soak your nails in the dish for 10-15 minutes.
Protect your hair from the elements.
Flip your hair upside down, and grab the top half of your hair, and smooth it out along the top of your head (the top of the ponytail) and grab the other parts of your hair and create a high ponytail.
Seek immediate medical care if your scalp is red and swollen.
Try meditation.
Splash your face with cool water and follow up with a moisturizer.
Speak to a mental health professional for advice.
Steam your face for 3 to 5 minutes.
Ask your child why they do not like their glasses.
Care for the cuticles.
Measure the circumference of your neck with measuring tape.
Maintain your composure.
Remove the lipstick.
Get good clothes.
Close the door.
Sharpen up.
Grab the second strand to the far right, and move it all the way to the left.
Pack the dressiest pants in a suit bag.
Care for your feet by washing them regularly and trimming your toenails.
Understand the purpose of massage oils.
Let the jacket drip outside.
Wear your mother’s or grandmother’s pearls.
Apply Bactine to piercing at least 3 times a day until the infection clears.
Wipe away the mascara by using gentle, downward swipes.
Jazz up your lips!.
Clean the rubber first.
See your doctor if over-the-counter treatments don’t help.
Start with concealer.
Add a little milk; keep adding until it looks soupy.
Wear flat shoes.
Use lace-up boots to keep a skirt casual.
Add the vaseline.
Clean sink or bucket immediately with chlorine bleach.
Take the time to match your outfits.
Apply coconut oil all over your hair.
Paint a design onto the skin with nail polish.
Hold your skin taut so that it’s easy to pull off the strip.
Dab a blob of foundation onto your fingertips once the moisturizer has soaked  and put a dab of it on every spot or uneven tone you can find on your face.
Wear your robe while you’re getting ready in the morning.
Finish the look with makeup.
Remove your clothes and wear whatever makes you comfortable.
Fasten the bun.
Wear warm pants.
Use hair care products that are safe for permed hair .
Leave the paste on your skin for 15–20 minutes.
Scrub your skin with the sugar.
Make a second earring, then wait for both to dry.
Perform a patch test.
Choose iodine-rich foods.
Try cosmetic acupuncture.
Recognize the problem that you are facing.
Apply a hint of blush.
Avoid taking baths or hot showers.
Shop at discount stores.
Flip your hair over again.
Pleat the loose fabric.
Bags: Before considering the trends, be sure that your cute bag could contain all of your school supplies.
Use the smallest size purse you can so it’s easy to carry around and keep neat.
Move furniture around in your bedroom, paint the walls a new color, or invest in new decorative accessories.
Finish of the eyes with a black or brown mascara.
Recognize any underlying emotions.
Wait for the color to take.
Try varicose vein treatments.
Try a monochromatic look for a dressy occasion.
Continue adding hair to each strand and tying them into knots.
Research locations and practitioners carefully.
Make the best of what you can with each role.
Remember that disobeying your parents can get you into trouble.
Sew the 3 lengths down, stretching the elastic as you go.
Gather or purchase fresh or dry leaves from the henna plant.
Apply the same brown eyeliner to the lower lid.
Repeat this process regularly.
Purchase some fabric that can be used in making this project.
Eyeliner and mascara are crucial.
Fill plastic bags with water and freeze them in the sandals.
Use a towel to absorb excess moisture before letting the shoes air dry.
Mix in a liquid.
Cut and pit half of an avocado.
Keep a small container of it in the shower.
Style your hair.
Take the laces off to use as spare string.
Pick from already established lines.
Choose an appropriate flat iron.
Break large projects into smaller tasks with individual deadlines.
Fill your notes.
Wait for the bleach to take effect.
Keep makeup to a minimum.
Pick the right underwear for a romantic occasion.
Alternatively, use legwarmers to keep exposed arms warm.
Remove any dirt and crumbs with a portable vacuum.
Leave in the paste for a few hours to overnight.
Be cute!.
Wear a bright matte or glossy shade for a night out.
Make a bow bun.
Visit your doctor immediately if you experience nipple itching or discharge.
Acquire relevant information.
Try using a glittery mascara after curling for a dramatic effect.
Wear white.
Decide how you will obtain the juice from the onion.
Fold the strings in half and tie them together to make a loop at the top, so you have eight strings total.
Find out who you want to be and how you want to live.
Rinse the bleach out with cold water and shampoo, then let it dry.
Make sure your clothing fits.
Keep hobby or modeling paints inside the nail polish bottle.
Keep the scarf open and don't scrunch it if you want more coverage.
Twist all your hair until the whole bunch is twisted.
Use your fingers to flatten the highlighter and close the lid of the jar.
Put on eyeliner.
Write about your feelings about being tall.
Match athletic shoes with athletic clothes.
Highlight the middle of your forehead and chin.
Find something that supports your chest and feels comfortable.
When taking a bath, try a different technique for washing hair.
Try to achieve and maintain a good physique.
Use hangers for items that need to hang to avoid wrinkles.
Learn about the best oils.
Tie a knot on your baggy sweater for a casual look.
Use jewelry that won't restrict movement.
Gather all your showering supplies and clothing.
Combine 1/8 cup of arrowroot powder with ¼ cup of baking soda in a clean container.
Look away whenever they’re getting dressed.
Know your etiquette.
Try a half-up, hair-down ponytail.
Measure out your sugar the night before and put it into the bottom of the mug.
Measure your bust size.
Wear your earrings with a loose clasp.
Let the pants dry on you in the sun.
Avoid using a stretcher on a shoe with a narrow design.
Now it's time to go shopping.
Wash your face with water and cleanser first.
After applying oil to the entire scalp, apply oil to the rest of the hair till the tips.
Repeat every other day.
Go to the salon if you don’t have experience dyeing hair.
Pull the two loose ends to the back of the neck and wrap around to the front (without tying).
Show the stages of your work.
Buy Diphenhydramine and liquid antacid.
Put the rose water and crushed petals into a ceramic bowl.
Begin rotating the Digital Crown clockwise.
If you're not comfortable with plucking, you can always go to a salon and have your eyebrows waxed and then keep the shape by plucking stray hairs that grow every week.
Decide on the size of badge you want to create.
For a casual look, wear a black-and-white plaid shirt over a white T-shirt.
Try a new short haircut.
Review this article with your parents or guardian before taking this advice.
Strain the juice and throw away the pulp.
Prewash your chiffon fabric to remove dirt and stains.
Pair the right colors with the right occasions.
Keep your nails clean and trimmed.
Fold the band so the remaining sock edge can be sewn to the inside of the sleeve with the stitches sewn right on top of the first band stitches.
Search for a body dysmorphia counselor if you obsess about specific flaws.
Once cool, drain the water into a dish.
Add 3 drops of geranium essential oil.
Be careful when pairing tank tops with leggings.
Achieve an androgynous look with a thin tie or suspenders.
Costume jewelry rings and Ring Pops are fun, but they're not appropriate in professional settings.
Keep the avocado in the oven for five hours.
Read fashion magazines.
Open the clip (if it's a pinch tie clip) and slide both the front and back of your tie, plus the placket of your shirt into the clip.
Fold Panel C.
Tuck the ends under the coil.
Take the jeans out of the dryer while they are still damp.
Stick a panty liner.
Try on the shoes.
Inline Jerseys are also much lighter than ice jerseys.
Notice the expiration date.
Apply the mixture to your hair.
Sew a zipper-tab on the garment (if the wearer so desires) along with a matching hood to keep the heat from escaping from the top of the wearer's head.
Collect a few samples before you buy.
Use leather conditioner to further soften and protect leather shoes.
Display pressed flowers under your case to create a unique floral look.
Paint over the tape with a different color of nail polish.
Select a pair of silicone breast forms for a larger bust.
Tape and paint your nails.
Catch the eye with chunky jewelry.
Mix the sage and violet leaves with the almond oil.
Wash your face with a facial cleanser to avoid blemishes, and to wash off any excess dirt or oils.
Wear clean clothes.
Beat the mixture together.
Be aware that some scarring may occur.
Figure out the number of accessories you might want to buy.
Apply 1-2 coats of leather dye to camouflage the repair compound (optional).
Throw on a scarf to add some embellishment.
Create a loop, the same way in a friendship bracelet.
Try using drying drops or setting spray to cut down on time.
Never shave your skin while it is dry.
Go for a well-trusted product.
Comb or brush your dry hair.
Stretch the other side of the shower cap over to the top of your forehead where the front of your hair ends.
Wear your scarf as a belt.
Consider using a curling iron for adding subtle curls or doing sassy flips.
Attach sticky magnets to the bottle caps.
Weave the first strand through the other strands.
Chop the ingredients and simmer them over low heat for 1 hour.
Style short hair into a pompadour to instantaneously volumize your locks.
Hang up your clothes or fold them and put them into bags.
Rinse your flip-flops again with cold water.
Add lace to your cotton webbing belt.
Decrease your stress level.
Know and understand the effects of color.
Use this braided cordage to secure your wallet, pocket watch or keys to your belt.
Use a household cleaner.
Apply a traditional deodorant or antiperspirant.
Add a few drops of food color for desired color.
Use a rattail comb to part your hair on both sides of your head.
Buy a hanging shoe shelf.
Measure the elastic around your ankle.
Don't forget the hair.
Wipe your nails clean with a lint-free wipe dipped in rubbing alcohol.
Boost your bob's volume with a texturizing spray.
Use a mixture of hydrogen peroxide and water to reduce body odor.
Don't wear heels everyday.
Wear pearl studs with skinny jeans and heels for a night out.
Keep skin hydrated by drinking plenty of water.
Wear strappy heels with flowy silk culottes for a dressy look.
Consider colors and patterns.
Tell him that a professional will make the process easy and mess-free.
While your hair is still damp, comb with a wide-toothed comb.
Bring shoe pads for back-up on your big day.
Enjoy you bag!.
Choose oversized t-shirts with graphic designs.
Get dimple piercings in your cheeks.
Choose a suitable polymer clay.
Create a loop with the other side.
Clip the outer layers of your hair out of the way.
For added volume when straightening short hair.
Try suspenders if you carry most of your weight around your waist.
Sleep with the braids.
Prepare your hair for exposure to heat.
Look for antioxidants to reduce signs of aging.
Rub the mixture well onto the stained part of your skin.
Let the boots sit with the powder in them overnight, then shake them out.
See your doctor if you have a persistent skin condition.
Check yourself in a mirror and make sure you look symmetrical.
Put it on whenever you have free time.
Make any touch-ups you feel are necessary.
Increase your intake of fatty acids.
Ask around: Ask friends, family or colleagues if they know of any good massage courses in your area.
Try lemon juice.
Fold the bottom up.
Sleep Better.
Add water.
Know when to see a doctor.
Take a deep breath.
Use natural lighting but at dusk or on a cloudy day.
Keep learning and researching (see links below).
Condition your curly hair a lot because curly hair needs its moisture.
Wash your hair as you normally would to remove the curls.
Polish and condition your shoes.
Steer clear of see-through pants.
Exercise for 30 minutes to an hour several times per week.
Create your holly leaves using the thin nail art brush.
Apply eyeshadow.
Choose loafers if you’re headed to a fancier location.
Take short baths or showers.
Fake it!.
Opt for colored boots to add some interest to your outfit.
Note the pros and cons of this underwear storage method.
If a closet rod has obstructions that prevent clothes smoothly, simply return hangers to the side they were taken from and move the clothes in the closet over only when clean clothes are added.
Brush your hair at least once a day.
Exfoliate your skin once a week.
Start.
Buff the wallet with a clean, dry cloth until it has a shine.
Make a sleek half bun for a put-together style.
Wait for her to discuss the note with you.
Place mixture into a small jar and screw on the lid.
Carry a statement clutch in an interesting print or fabric.
Add a good few coats of your favorite mascara.
Bustle the dress.
Apply the body makeup in your shade.
Talk to others in your congregation about appropriate dress.
Show up for your appointment.
Arrange the straps around your neck for an open-back halter style.
Continue with a Dutch braid down the left side of your head.
Choose products with water-soluble silicones.
Have patience during your hair's "awkward phase.".
Gather your ponytail.
Turn the shirt inside-out and make sure the lower hem is at the top.
Buy a clay face mask.
Never use alcohol, hydrogen peroxide, or Bactine on your piercing.
Tighten the spray nozzle and shake the bottle.
Add zinc oxide to your foundation for sunscreen.
Clean the garment or accessory.
Fold and sew the waist down.
Put your hair in a messy bun.
Add images, files, links, and just about anything you want, in it.
Collect your materials.
Use wig tape to secure the wig in place for short-term wear.
Make a double ponytail.
Gather experience before applying for a school.
Keep your bag in a dust-free space when not in use.
Make a brew of sage or sage and rosemary.
Dish out some sour cream into a small bowl.
Apply a top coat every few days.
Makeup wearers may want to include makeup in their toiletry bag.
Be confident in yourself.
Use a moisturizing cream if your skin starts to feel tight or dry.
Varnish gold and silver rings with nail polish.
Take the pieces out of the oven, and let them cool.
Do your "homework" on fashion.
Juice several lemons.
Enjoy your new self-made body mist!.
Wash and moisturize your face.
Pick a fabric.
Play around with shapes and thickness.
Wear a lacy bodysuit with a low-cut top.
Start with clean hair.
Hold one end of the turban in your mouth.
Wash your shirts in cold water.
Try on shoes while wearing the same socks or tights you normally use.
Consider rinsing the shoes once you are happy with the lightness.
Save sneakers or sandals for casual activities.
Use apps to help keep track.
Select bold earrings to draw attention to your face.
Add a teaspoon of cornstarch.
Put on some rad music because now we'll be making some rad legwarmers!.
When in doubt about fit or a too long inseam, get a tailor, the results are usually wonderful.
Add cool, vibrant colors to your wardrobe.
Layer 2 colors of nude lipstick to get fuller looking lips.
Experiment with makeup.
Choose clothes that fit you well.
Use the oil.
Assemble ingredients.
Knead the product into short, wavy hair to smooth out frizz.
Get an ultrasonic cleaning.
Fold them hem inward by another ¼ inch (0.63 centimeters), and press it flat with an iron again.
Make a pair of bow earrings.
Try not to expose your jewellery to everyday chemicals such as hair products, cosmetics, perfumes, or direct sunlight, as they are likely to damage them.
Allow your flowers to dry fully.
Do not brush your hair while it is dry.
Ask about resurfacing.
Continue until all hair is curled.
Get a fabric-covered button-making kit.
Apply homemade masks to your skin.
Try pin curls for a vintage look.
Apply heat to low porosity hair to make it easier to condition.
Gently squeeze excess water out of your hair with a towel from root to tip.
Iron in some star shaped hair charms.
Wash your hair well and wash the eggs out with cold water.
Wait.
Clean up afterwards.
Pinch and fold the middle of the fabric into the shape of an accordion.
Once you have decided to buy a purity ring, you might want to look at some of the rings online.
Leave gaps when placing watches in a case.
Wet your hair.
Use your bandana as a neck scarf.
Make Indian gooseberry oil and apply it with moisturizer or as a mask.
Directly after rinsing, wash the shirt in the washer with soap and warm water.
Twist your ponytail into a bun if you want an up-do.
Rub the Crème eyeshadow on in a thin layer.
Let your nails dry completely before doing any extra filing or shaping.
Melt the wax and oil together.
Get in the water and stay in the bath for about 20 minutes.
Choose dark colors.
Obtain car wax, furniture wax, or brass or silver polish.
Visit several local merchants.
Know your ingredients.
Place the hanger between the pant legs.
Try dresses with an empire hemline or A-line dresses.
Spend time with people who love you.
Wear dark clothing.
Hold a bubble spinner under the running water to make bath time fun.
Push the new battery into place.
Define your remedy.
Return to your piercer after the swelling has gone down(around 2-3 weeks) to be refitted for a smaller barbell.
Surround yourself with body-positive individuals.
Tie off the end.
Take a lemon and cut it in half, and then cut it into quarters.
Visit your doctor for regular check ups.
Take the first string closest to the tie-around strings.
Gather your beginning section of hair.
Rub minor scratches with your hand until they disappear.
Don't ask a hairdresser to "squeeze" you in when he or she is already booked solid.
Keep your shoes pristine for the best resale value.
Attach your bag to the rope using clothespins.
Pair shorter Oxford shorts with a flowy peasant top for a summery look.
Check some style websites and see what the different age groups are wearing.
Shop around.
Exercise!.
Pick an outfit the night before.
Unfold the soaked paper.
Depending on your hair type, you may go with wax, paste, gel, etc.
Take care of your hair.
It's always good to have a bottle of hand sanitizer available in your purse for you to use to prevent the spread of germs.
Place the end of a tape measure in the middle of the neck below the collar.
Pull the metal pan out of the compact case.
Attach two pockets, to the wrong side of the fabric, on either side of the inner bag.
Assemble the twist plate onto the bag flap.
Quickly rinse your jewelry under lukewarm water.
Do not ever place the bag in the dryer.
Find a loose-fitting T-shirt.
Cut the fabric into a square or rectangle, allowing for a half-inch seam allowance on all sides.
Be interested, but only in her.
Massage aloe vera gel into your scalp after shampooing if it’s dry.
Reapply when necessary.
Remove your hair tie once your curls are cool.
Add 1 tablespoon of honey to the bowl.
Explain the dangers of poor hygiene.
Dry the nails THOROUGHLY.
Air dry your jeans instead of putting them in the dryer.
Prepare some warm water.
Wear accessories that hang right on your breasts.
Avoid styling products with alcohol.
Ditch the heavy makeup.
Unbutton your shirt and wear it overtop of a T-shirt for a casual look.
Bring style to the office by wearing booties with cropped pants.
Apply and dry the glue base coat before putting on polish.
Make chamomile tea.
Trade perfume samples via online swapping venues.
Determine the type of fabric.
Now finish this row by taking 1b and knotting it over 1a, using the same process you used on the right or 'b' threads.
Let the glue dry.
Rinse the brush and towel dry it.
Begin washing your face every day.
Continue rolling.
Allow to sit until hardened.
Rub the cloth, which is on your finger, onto the polish and apply a medium to thick layer depending on the condition of your boot.
Use coupons.
Gather all the strands together and pick out another color for your next swirl.
Repair shallow scratches by buffing with regular toothpaste.
Pay attention to the lining.
Add a cute belt for color, or to break up monotony.
Call your doctor if your scars don’t improve with home treatments.
Use a neutral look for the eyeshadow if you are playing a regular person.
Trim your hair regularly.
Blend the dye into your lower lashes in small sections.
Have your hair trimmed.
Find a great stylist.
Paint polish over one of your nails.
Cross the outer strand under the middle one.
Twist the knob counter-clockwise to remove the hat stretcher.
Layer fragrances.
Oiling hair.
Secure your hat to your head.
Engage in activities you enjoyed when you were younger.
Brush or comb your hair.
Slot the two pieces of cardboard together.
Cover your workspace and hands.
Wash your face and body: Using the same technique you used to wash your hair, wash your face with the peel-side of the lemon half.
Stick with low-key sneakers for non-athletic clothes.
Remove the insoles.
Show off a pair of tall boots or booties with your dress.
Add 1 tsp.
Deflect negative attention.
Gather basic information.
Fill out your Medical ID to track your health information.
Clean the iron once a week.
Look for durable construction.
Clean and set the color.
Get the original receipt when you buy second hand.
Cross the ties behind your leg just below the knee.
Speak with your sons about starting to shave.
Go to sleep!.
Make a habit out of good posture.
Cut small reinforced holes on the 4 corners, in the middle.
Understand the causes of dry feet.
Add the cream or milk to your travel mug, and the finished coffee!.
Arrange jeans in a row for ease of selection.
Add color (optional).
Set your microwave power setting to 20 percent.
Make 'em dope!.
Apply a moisturizer to the tattoo 1 to 2 times a day for the first week.
Purchase and attach a pack of non-slip feet-like white bottoms (called Jiffy-Grip) to the feet that you have previously sewn onto the garment., which can be purchased from Amazon or through the JoAnn Fabrics special order area.
Blend the shea butter in a food processor.
Cut and fold a matching piece of fabric.
Add bleach 5 minutes into the cycle.
Rinse your hair thoroughly with cold water.
You'll probably have leftover soap.
Start with a basic color.
Grind the first pile using a mortar and pestle.
The first 2 most important steps in a facial, is to:.
Apply blush.
Use a ball and ring shoe stretcher to widen problem areas.
Put socks on your toddler’s feet when fitting shoes.
Bleach your shorts.
Remember your hair can be your best accessory!.
Skin.
Coat a spoolie with cotton fibers.
Pull the ends back through the other buckle.
Use leather cleaner to spiff up leather espadrilles.
Wear single-shade and vertical striped outfits to create a tall look.
Avoid purchasing henna kits for home use.
Take fungal infections seriously.
Eat chlorophyll-rich foods.
Cut out the zipper remnants if desired.
Connect the bidet plug to the electricity supply.
Tuck in the tail.
Wear cotton underwear.
Look at the "About Us" page.
Soak your nails when you're ready to remove your polish.
Repeat the process on the sides of your bangs.
Soothe with oatmeal and almonds.
Choose a small, tidy scarf for formal occasions.
Talk dirty sometimes.
Purchase Coach's Signature C Fabric Cleaner.
Create the first braid on the right said of your head.
Put a pillow under your chest if you need to sleep on your belly.
Fold the left leg of the underwear to the center.
Brush out your hair while spraying it with water.
Understand how cosmetic tattooing works.
Lower your dose or stop taking MSM if you experience side effects.
Undress slowly.
Try burgundy and navy.
Take a keratin or B-vitamin supplement to strengthen your mane.
Consider fabrics when you purchase sweaters.
Use laser treatment to minimize redness of scars.
Choose large accessories to balance out larger features.
Put on the pants, and don't be surprised if the waistline is huge.
Scuff the fabric with sandpaper.
Determine where to buy tattoo flash art.
Embrace your unique features.
Get rid of your reasons to complain!.
Try a rope braid.
Keep the cream stored in the refrigerator.
Get some black 1–1.5 inch (2.5–3.8 cm) webbing.
Wear your wrap skirt as a dress by tying it above your chest.
Squeeze out any excess water from the gloves.
Find the midway point on the folded edge.
Wear strappy heels or sandals to add to the sexiness.
Complement dramatic brows with eyeliner.
Try coconut oil for  treating eczema.
Add some color to black and white tattoos to add some vibrant elements.
Soothe the hands.
Consider the fabric.
Hire an aviation attorney.
Stir orange juice and egg whites together to shrink your pores.
Comb out the middle section.
Thank Her.
Stop using a product if you have a bad reaction.
Know what works best for you.
Wear fresh undies.
Remove the bra after 8 hours, maximum.
Show off your glamorous, beautiful curls!.
Rotate the clothes in your drawers based on season.
Put on gloves, then dip the sheet into dye.
Try a seaweed wrap.
Remember rules.
For sparkling white socks, boil them in a sauce-pan with lemon slices, and add dishwasher detergent regularly to your sock load.
Take breaks.
After washing, iron your clothing to remove all wrinkles.
Place your shoes on the shelf.
Paint over the stencil with body-safe glue.
Wear thick socks to break in new boots and stretch the leather.
Get a gym bag that's right for you.
Calm down.
Avoid wearing a capelet with a dress or outfit that has bulky shoulders.
Use caution if you've dyed your hair at a salon previously.
Remove the rollers.
Avoid the "burn" test.
Avoid over corrected leather.
Match your shoes to the level of formality you’re trying to achieve.
Wear a colorful belt.
Reduce sweating or chaffing on your hands and feet with translucent powder.
Fold your fabric in half and iron it flat.
Repeat the process for the rest of the row.
Be sure you've washed your hands with antibacterial soap before touching the jewelry or the fistula (piercing hole).
Apply lotion onto your hands.
Bring friends.
Blow dry.
Avoid smoking, and keep drinking(alcohol) to a minimum.
Use a bodysuit to complement a crop top.
Take a shower or bath every day.
Use a skin primer.
Put on an apron.
Place the wig you use most often on a wig stand or mannequin head.
Choose a dark colored shoe for casual outings.
Lock the doors and windows.
Separate lashes with a mascara brush.
Continue wrapping and stitching the ponytail in place.
Get tested for Cushing's syndrome if you have large, dark stretch marks.
Tuck your hair until a plastic shower cap and wait one hour.
Now it's ready to use.
Have a great holiday!.
Get into a regular sleeping rhythm, waking up at the same time in the morning and going to bed at the same time each night.
In your crease, apply a peach and a bit of light brown mix, and blend.
Save them for the gym.
Store the rose hip oil in the refrigerator.
Ask about a prescription shampoo or steroid cream if nothing helps.
Comb the relaxer cream through your whole beard.
Pair a boat shoe and sneaker hybrid with dark denim.
Repeat the process on the other side of your head.
Pull the knotted piece of shoelace on opposite sides of the sock and the top of the sock will close.
Look for nice straps and detailing.
Wear hair extensions.
Use a cinnamon mask.
Follow up with some conditioner.
Mix it together to form a nice paste.
After repeating the process until you are done, Once you are done with your extensions, You can style however you want.
Make your hair look nice!.
Add your beads.
Use a hair accessory.
Eat healthy food.
Add sunglasses and sandals for a breezy, bohemian look.
Clip up the top layer of your hair.
Stay away from harsh cleansers.
Seal the colored designs.
Apply concealer to flaws.
Apply coconut oil to  reduce the appearance of scars.
Add 3 tablespoons (45 milliliters) of apricot seed oil.
Paint your nails if you just can't remove the dye.
Don't consider it a one-off.
Continue forming bantu knots.
Make your toe ring.
Blot your lipstick, then reapply it.
Organize necklaces in the cardboard boxes the jewelry came in.
Staple all the way up one unfolded side of the paper.
Place the lavender buds into the ceramic bowl.
Avoid chemicals.
Ask the shoe retailer to find shoes that fit both the length and the width of your foot.
Make a luxurious body butter to use after you shower.
Turn the bag right side out.
If you want to use foundation spread it lightly over your face and neck with clean fingers.
Try a teased and braided ponytail.
Clamp the flat iron near your roots.
Consult a tattoo artist to plan your new tattoo.
Avoid wearing your slippers in dirty areas.
Cross strand 2 under strand 3, then over strand 5.
Choose dressy shoes that will let your feet breathe for nice occasions.
Pick a slightly darker eye shadow.
Miter the corners (cut them at an angle).
Slip the straps off your shoulders and arms.
Dress up your leggings with a classic button-down shirt.
Eat orange foods for a boost of skin-loving beta carotene and vitamin C. Stock up on orange foods at the grocery store and try to eat something orange at every meal.
Prepare your sink for clothes washing.
Create a comfortable, elegant look with a knit sweater.
Try leopard print sneakers for something more casual.
Twist 1 French braid into a circle on the back of your head.
Carry a nice purse or satchel with you.
Don't compare yourself to other people.
Understand the importance of cleanliness in Islam.
Pry up the bottom edge of an acrylic nail.
Dip the side of the applicator wand into the prepared dye.
If you have any spots, use a good quality concealer stick and blend it in with the foundation.
Avoid drinking too much tea or coffee.
Try vinegar.
Floss once a day.
Eat your fruits and vegetables.
Keep feet clean and moisturized.
Cut or rip the shirt to add personality to it.
Cleanse your hair with shampoo and conditioner.
Take action.
Grow your hair longer.
Put styling products on when your hair is still wet.
Get a laser treatment.
Place the jeans in a drying machine.
Wear a loose, wavy updo with a lacy dress.
Avoid pairing the vest with clothes that look too casual or loose.
Fold the bandana.
And finally, line your lips with a pale pink colour before applying a bubblegum pink gloss.
Lay down a tissue or napkin because you will be making a LOT of mess!.
Disrobe while the therapist(s) are washing up.
Mix the gelatin into the hot conditioner and add coconut oil.
Consider thrift stores, hiring or borrowing clothing from friends who aren't currently pregnant as an option if such options exist near you.
Ask someone else to go shopping with you.
Braid your hair before bed so it doesn’t tangle in your sleep.
Hold the roots of the hair.
Repeat the same processes with the right strand.
Smooth on some moisturizer.
Try a sparkly hair tattoo.
Check with your doctor if you have widespread acne.
Dry your shoes in front of a fan.
Wear a short necklace with a lower neckline.
Comb and detangle your hair.
Get some lip plumping action with cinnamon essential oil.
Choose a darker wash. Everyone knows that black is slimming, but the same holds true for dark-colored denim.
Refrigerate the molds.
Close the clamps on the slide adjusters to keep the straps in place.
Wash your sheets regularly.
Measure the total linear inches of your bag.
Add a third or fourth piece.
Stir the ribbons and water constantly.
Remove your grill when eating.
Contact a dermatologist if symptoms persist.
Use the 1st brush to apply blush in circular motions on your cheeks.
Use the cotton t-shirt to dab dry your hair until damp.
Always practice safe sex.
Display the courage needed to wear one.
Pack a maximum of 3 pairs of shoes if you are traveling for a week.
Buy a windproof fleece jacket to use as daily outwear.
Show off your waistline with a cinched belt.
Organize your bedroom.
Stitch in a square and then an 'X'.
Continue applying the dye to your hair using the applicator brush.
Wear a pair of thin heels to elevate your outfit.
Get skin treatments.
Turn the bag right side out and use.
Men's dress shirts are typically either fitted or full cut.
Sprinkle baby powder or baking soda on the footbeds.
Shop!.
Allow hair to dry overnight.
Apply hair serum.
Layer a suede jacket over a top for a more professional look.
You can straighten if they came in a package that said "like human hair" but you should only straighten on a low temperature setting, as this may melt the hair.
Keep in a dry spot out of direct sunlight for 2 - 3 days to allow the oils to blend.
Roll up a calendar per boot leg.
Keep your work area clean.
Sweep a peachy pink blusher over your cheeks.
Find a pair of suede or leather ankle boots with tassels.
Choose what you want to wear, and stick to it!.
Eat foods that are high in protein.
Blend your eyeshadow with a darker shade, swirling it into the crease.
Get a nice purse.
Choose a pair of clip-on earring backs.
Pick a cable knit sweater if you're cold and like designs.
Mix the hair color with developer.
Cut out the material.
Wipe down your purse with a cleaner every so often.
Cover-Up - Learn how to choose and apply concealer and foundation properly.
Apply a facial mask made from lemon juice and honey every day.
Fill up a spray bottle with hot water.
Avoid putting too much product on your eyebrows.
Complete the shear portion of the haircut.
Understand the various parts of the tie.
Twist or fold the sheet and secure it with rubber bands.
Consider fat transfer surgery or facial implants for a surgical change.
Use skin-safe mica, oxides, and powdered pigments to add color.
Fold an oversized T-shirt in half longways.
Measure 1 tbsp.
Sew along the folded edge.
Make and use a lemon-based toner.
Fake a tan.
Tightline your top lids with pencil eyeliner.
Pull out the top section of hair.
Use a cold water laundry detergent.
Attach the safety pins to one another.
Reach a healthy weight.
Add oil and cinnamon to your lemon juice.
Put tape around your nails to avoid getting airbrush paint on your skin.
Remove scaly skin from your hair.
Roll the top of the sarong down over itself to the front.
Sew a basic straight stitch along this line, connecting pocket pieces #3 and #4.
Use fabric softener.
Choose a calendar system and stick with it.
Massage your feet.
Make some cuts.
Use a hot air brush to dry your hair.
Try securing the roll with an elastic band if you don’t have a safety pin.
Create your own sense of style.
Trim off the thorny edges with your knife.
Tuck the cuffs upward so they line up with the hem of the shirt.
Wear a stylish hat.
Gently pat your hands dry.
Spray a light coat of hairspray to create a barrier between your hair and the glitter.
Keep skin clean.
Get your uniform.
Combine your lemon juice mixture and chamomile tea.
Use bug-spray.
Place in clean, glass jar.
Place hot stones on their neck and shoulder blades.
Wash your hair 2 or 3 times a week after day 4.
Talk with your child in "their own language", if the child is able to understand what you mean when you speak.
Shape your hairstyle with pomade to give it texture and shine.
Buy that darn ring, and give it to her!.
Scrunch the ends of your hair with gel.
Keep all equipment used clean.
Add a few drops of lacquer thinner to the bottle.
Fuse your velvet ribbon together with iron-on tape.
Remember that it's okay to be a little scared and nervous.
Purge your closet.
Forget high heels.
Test the ingredients.
Purchase a silicone-based skin primer for facial skin.
First figure out your skin type.
Invest is some good quality shoes.Shoes are the biggest fashion fetish of many women.
Choose a heat-less curling method to keep your hair healthy.
Drink 8 8-ounce glasses of water each day.
Avoid conditioners that contain panthenol to keep your skin clear.
Stuff and wrap your shoes with acid-free paper.
See a doctor if you notice signs of infection.
Keep your tattoo clean.
Practice with a clean brush before applying any product.
Try liquid-based liquid metal eyeshadow.
Place the comb close to your scalp.
Figure out what’s in your control.
Lay the cut pant leg over the other one and cut it in the same spot.
Twist the ponytail up.
Pick button-suspenders for a more clean-cut and refined look.
Congrats!.
When blow-drying your hair, spray perfume all over just before.
Don't procrastinate or put things on hold.
Loosen the Bunchem as much as you can without breaking the hair.
Rinse the amber in the clean water.
Make a ponytail at the top of your head.
Determine the size of Tallit that you will make.
Find your own washing and storing method.
Remember to match accessories made of leather and metal.
Get the timing down.
Place a round brush in the middle of a 1–2 in (2.5–5.1 cm) section of hair.
Help your eyelashes by curling them and applying a thin coat of a natural mascara.
Detangle.
Use high-quality products.
Apply the foundation, let it dry, then apply powder.
Cover the mixture with plastic wrap and let it sit for 4-6 hours.
Go to a nude beach.
Keep tampons and pads inside sunglass cases.
Seek medical advice regarding your testosterone and DHT levels.
Shampoo your hair only 2-3 times per week.
Change your pillowcase.
Make old tweezers new again.
Identify the stalker.
Pour the boiling water over the violet flowers and leaves and the lavender leaves in a small to medium sized bowl.
Double knot the ends and tuck them in.
Next, apply your favorite lip balm to moisturize your lips.
Celebrate at the end of each day when you have completed the items on your to-do list.
Try sunscreen.
Turn off the shower or step out of the bath before applying Hibiclens.
Substitute with milk if desired.
Have the right footwear.
Let your jeans dry before you wear them.
Do curl ups or partial crunches to strengthen your core.
Check that the bra bridge sits flat on your body.
Find a top or bottom with velvet accents.
Bake the shapes on a parchment-lined baking sheet according to the instructions on the package.
Begin with clean, dry, well-defined brows.
Now, mash the pulp to get juice.
Complete the other half.
Do a small patch test before applying any lightening product on your skin.
Avoid comparing yourself to others.
Wait about five minutes for the petroleum jelly to do its work.
Organize your pads and wipes in the box into tight rows so that  they take up as little space as possible and you can store a reasonable amount of products.
Tuck-in your top when wearing culottes to highlight your waist.
Wipe the toothpaste and dirt away with a wet cloth.
Apply a heat protectant to clean, dry hair.
Floss and brush your teeth.
Paint the edge to make sure it will have a straight line.
Grab your hairspray and spray a generous amount of hairspray into your hair.
Apply a small to medium amount of foundation to your face, using an application sponge.
Consider braiding your ponytail.
Use shampoo to remove the mask from your hair.
And don't forget to wipe the sides of the container for clear layers.
Choose fitted jackets that hit at your hip.
Attach the ribbon or string to the tap (faucet) as close under the spigot as possible.
Shave or wax your legs.
Combine 1 part iris roots with 2 parts water in a separate pot.
Pour the lotion into glass jars.
Dip the green teabag into the water.
Wear a scarf as an accessory for cooler days.
Be moderately cautious if you’re Skin Type III or IV.
Attach the buttons or hooks.
Wait at least a full month before having a smaller bar inserted.
Find some shade.
Consider a trendy fashion scarf.
Sew the top of the tube to the bottom of the bra band.
Avoid washing your hair every day.
Educate yourself about diamonds.
Hang accessories, scarves and handbags.
Determine where your bra hooks.
Make an appointment with a dermatologist if you have deep cheek wrinkles.
Opt for essential oils with medicinal purposes.
Brush your hair, then part it down the middle.
Use earrings made from a non-irritating material.
Tuck the ends of your ponytail over the sock.
Try using old jewelry.
Avoid the sun as much as possible.
Avoid foods that are high in fat and unhealthy oils.
Fill a dish with makeup remover.
Use a tanning bed.
Wash your hands before handling the piercing.
Apply a clear lip liner first.
Dress up a simple outfit with a ruffled jacket or cardigan.
Press the scarf gently using an iron and a protective press cloth.
Look into getting a beard transplant if other methods don’t work.
Put some chapstick in a container.
Leave your cuticles alone.
Choose one part of your look you want to change, just one, and get to work.
Accessories can dramatically change an outfit.
Try baby oil.
Allow the fibers to cool down.
Use silica packets to reduce moisture in storage.
Repeat the process for the inner strand.
Remember that cleaning is no replacement for using fairly fresh, bacteria-free cosmetics.
Mix colors for a perfect match.
Keep the skin covered for 24 hours after getting a tattoo.
Dry and preserve flowers for long-term decor.
Register for baby clothes.
Avoid hairspray and hair gel.
Remove the blanket sleeper entirely, and instead swaddle them in several layers of bigger-sized blankets.
Make a mask of egg whites.
Repeat steps 4 and 5 for the second piece of your shoelace, but start on the opposite side of the hem.
Use an eye liner.
Use the diffuser to encourage waves.
Use a clasp.
Blot your hair with a microfiber towel.
Gather a small chunk of hair right next to the side part and your hairline.
Separate an egg (yolk and egg white).
Pair your leggings with a nice top.
Use hibiscus tea for bright reds.
Cut a slit along 1 of the creases towards the middle of the circle.
It is time to clean up now.
Store it standing up.
Be aware that you may need to wear a nose splint for up to a week.
Place the bandana on your head.
Choose an earmuff that won't mess up your hair.
If you must follow seasonal trends, do so with accessories.
Sit outside with the lemon solution in place for 15-20 minutes.
Start massaging at the lowest point and go up towards your heart.
Clean your leggings.
Place the bag in your washing machine.
Laugh at others' jokes.
Allow t-shirt to sit in the bag for 24 hours before removing from bag.
Talk to your doctor about using hormone treatments.
Prepare two bowls of lukewarm water.
Add some accessories to personalize your look.
Develop good posture.
Toss stringy polish.
Put on a shawl.
Whilst you have the face mask on, put on music and paint your nails.
Beat the ingredients together with a whisk, then transfer it to a glass jar.
Finish Do a quick mirror check before leaving and grab a nutrition bar, fresh fruit or whole grain bread of cereal before leaving.
Stick with a solid colored crewneck for a classier look.
Care for your skin, keep it clean.
Take a large make-up brush and the slightest dusting of talc.
Heat on medium heat.
Secure the bun with bobby pins.
Re-do the braids around your hairline.
Apply lotion often.
Choose strappy heels to show off more skin.
String through the last pearl again.
Sometimes it helps to wash your hair before going on a date or to an important meeting (most people agree that their hair looks better when it’s freshly shampooed).
Add headwear and hair accessories to the list of possible dress-ups for the little black dress.
Fold the pairs together and put them away.
Do restrict yourself to buying online unless, for whatever reason, you have to.
Cut some fabric for the lining, if desired.
Play up the collegiate vibe of maroon.
Wear a hairstyle that compliments your frames.
Stop grooming your eyebrows for at least 12 weeks.
Use makeup to enhance your red hair, fair skin and freckles.
Wear a tee that showcases your personality.
Apply rose lip liner and lipstick to finish the look.
Add extra length if you plan on wearing the jeans with raised shoes.
Choose fabrics that are comfortable and yet sit well on your body.
Be sure to add the cardboard piece back at the base of the bag.
Consult your doctor if body odor is a permanent problem.
Gather the "Things You'll Need" (see list below).
Take care of your blowout.
Understand the concern for endocrine disruptors.
Add money and cards to your new recycled wallet.
If you're working off an existing pattern, work from the existing slope still.
Opt for loafers or flats to add a little dash of elegance to your look.
Remove shoe laces and soak them in soapy water if necessary.
Search for coupons.
Hit the town!.
Blush rocks - preferably pink on teens.
Create a more subtle half-up, half-down style.
Go easy on the shampoo.
Avoid straining to be someone who you're definitely not.
Put the lid on the container and you've finished!.
Put on some slippers.
Get plenty of rest.
Rinse  thoroughly and roll in a bath towel to remove excess moisture or, if spandex, in dryer.
Cut two slits at the top of the sack, where the sack opens.
Add rose petals for a touch of luxury.
Lay the sweater face-down and place a piece of tissue paper along the back.
Give it time to work.
Sew a piece of fabric along the inside of a neckline that's too low.
Let your hair set for 2-4 hours or overnight.
Apply oils to your lashes.
Avoid wearing white shoes on rainy days.
Use your inseam measurement to shop for pants.
Prepare your skin and brows.
Stay away from dyes and sun-in products.
Rinse the fabric.
Remove the old wheels from your luggage.
Sort through your drawers and wardrobe.
Lose weight.
Figure out the width of each panel, if needed.
Give the jeans to a family member or a friend.
Use aloe vera.
Organize skin care parties to sell your products.
Apply coconut or argan oil after 3 days to add moisture.
Take a third loom band and place it on your middle finger and index finger.
Add a thin section of hair to the twisted section, and twist again.
Try cellulite-fighting lotions and creams.
Take charge in bed.
Take an educational class on BDD.
Rinse off the paste.
Switch to a #2 or #3 guard for the bottom half if you want a faded look.
Choose pretty or sexy underwear:.
Align the tank top with the pillowcase.
Carefully consider getting a face-lift or plastic surgery.
Get fat transferred from other parts of your body into your smaller breast.
Choose a one-piece if you swim competitively.
Pull the measuring tape toward your front between your legs.
Finish off with the rest of your makeup.
Drop in the petals and buds to the boiling water carefully.
Use accessories to take a simple outfit to the next level.
Put on your sunglasses.
Call a few clinics to interview practitioners.
Wear more casual shoes.
Do not use Vaseline on new tattoos.
Make your leather shinier with a small amount of skin moisturizer.
Pull the other end of the cloth through your legs.
Alternate your shoes and change your socks every day.
Use a toner and moisturizer.
Take off your shoes.
Spit it all out.
Air-dry your shoes for 1 day in a cool, dry location.
Add 7 to 10 drops of essential oil.
Deep condition your hair every time you wash it.
Have a clean taper at hand; if it is made of surgical 316L steel, or glass, it can be autoclaved at a piercing shop.
Wear seamless underwear if your skirt is fitted.
Use a tissue to measure out your fabric.
Pull on a turtleneck to make yourself look slimmer and taller.
Use sulfate-free products to keep hair healthy.
Pamper yourself with your partner.
Carry a nice purse or clutch.
Use products designed for gray hair.
Increase your water intake to improve hydration.
Tie the ends with a double knot.
Cut two lengths of the heavier gauge wire equal to the desired circumference of the earrings plus one inch for fastening to the earring findings.
Avoid heat at all costs.
Pin up your top layer of hair.
Try not to talk for most of the massage.
Brush away the cornstarch with a clean rag.
Get your teeth clean.
Add a capful of baby shampoo to water and mix until suds form.
Remove the glue with makeup remover when you want to take it off.
Check out how much brand name gear they’re wearing.
Start with a base on your eyelid.
Soak your nails.
Print out the letters you want onto a sheet of paper.
Treat your body with an aftershave product.
Have a beauty and fashion clean out.
Rinse off the mask.
Choose an Indonesian sarong.
Drape a scarf around your neck.
Apply the mask.
Consider having your pants tailored for a better fit.
Load the powder onto a brush.
Insert the comb at the root and twist it.
Finalize your messy bun.
Attach the inside ring diamond head to the spindle housing using the two thumbscrews provided.
Select lighter earring shades to complement cool undertones.
Throw on your winter jacket for a cold weather style.
Brows and Teeth.
Save the single-roll cuff for jeans made with thick denim.
Avoid heat-styling your hair and use protective sprays when you do.
Take the bowl off the heat and let it cool for 1 to 2 hours in the fridge.
Wear Make-up.
Combine honey and apple cider vinegar to the melted oil.
Determine your face shape as so.
Wear a swim cap.
Cut a potato in half.
Continue the process.
Insect Repellent: Mix 20 milliliters (0.68  fl oz) of base oil, 1 drop of lemongrass, 1 drop of peppermint oil, 1 drop of eucalyptus oil.
Stuff the oversized under wire bra cups with as much foam as to be unobtrusive and comfortable.
Get a steam treatment.
Apply the fragrance correctly.
Get out of the tub slowly.
Start with scar treatment immediately after the wound has healed.
Close and shake for about 3 minutes.
Utilize a depilatory to remove hair.
Soothe your feet with a peppermint foot scrub.
Close the loose ends with a safety pin around your wrist.
Identify the main color of your hair.
Congratulations on your new and "totally unique" purse!.
Dress up a short summer dress with white booties.
Keep items stored in your drawers neatly organized.
Apply the top coat.
Turn the cabochon over.
Talk to your doctor about cosmetic surgery as a last resort.
Check the credentials of the business.
Select a pair that matches the color of your jeans to elongate your legs.
Remove the latch hook and pull the tails through the loop.
Present their food in an appetizing way.
Stick to a sleep schedule if you can.
Add the brooch pin to the flat side of the cabochon.
Insert the new wheel into the luggage.
Avoid seeing your hairdresser as your therapist.
Take a look at the ingredients of your shampoos, conditioners, moisturizers, hair gels, lipsticks, mascaras and perfumes.
Take a plug and plug your sink.
Store frequently used items where you can see and reach them.
Choose a position for the clasp and install the clasp.
Decide the Bow (Ribbon) length and fold in the rest.
Polish with bentonite clay.
Brush your hair the right way.
Pull your hair up into two ponytails.
Add a texturizing product.
Recognize signs of infection such as redness, swelling, or fever.
Caress your feet with softness.
Cut back on frizz.
Think light!.
Hang the tie on a rung of a tie rack.
Rock a bow tie, when appropriate.
Buy a hair regrowth serum with peptides.
Apply mascara to your lashes.
Try using green tea on your eyelashes.
Get cool, breathable shoes for your toddler when the weather is warm.
Apply eyeshadow above and under your eye.
Rinse your jeans.
Choose a peaceful room.
Pull the tips of the bunch up and clip the middle/lower part to your scalp.
Draw straight lines down the length and width of your foot shape.
Sew one end of the mesh to the purse.
See through false marketing claims.
Apply a creamy peachy or rosy blush on cheeks, in a tone that matches your skin tone... and make sure you apply just a bit.
Direct focus to the upper part of your face with bangs.
Invest in a wide-toothed comb.
Lightly dry your hair with a towel.
Get emergency dental care for broken teeth or serious infections.
Keep the rest of your makeup subtle.
Use your pin as a necklace pendant.
Mouth pieces are only required of players under the age of 18 however, but are recommended.
Images of finished product.
Check the price of the watch that you are considering buying.
Finish with your favorite fragrance.
Keep the boots polished and clean.
Just remember to bathe or shower daily, use deodorant daily and you'll smell lovely.
Massage the sides of your face.
Have a good posture when you walk.
Try olive oil If you want shiny hair.
Pair knee-high boots with wide-leg pants.
Run a comb through the section to smooth the hairs down.
Shake your bangs out, then touch them up, if needed.
Make a smoothing hairspray to battle frizz.
Wrap the shoulder section.
Wear a black or brown leather belt with a standard sized buckle.
Review the Uber's arrival time.
Use lip primer to keep lipstick smooth.
Select a wardrobe for men.
Wear a mini-skirt if you want.
Put on your bra.
After your soap is completely melted, add in the parsley mixture.
Use pliers to open the bottom loop attached to the hook.
Choose a setting where you're comfortable.
Try a ¾ sleeve shirt for a warmer day.
Wear a blazer or cardigan for a professional look.
Drape a scarf over it for both style and warmth.
Log into iCloud.
Keep your eyebrows groomed.
Replenish lost moisture.
Make your own personal care products.
Decide which sanitary ware product best suits you and your needs.
Attach the handle on top of the cigar box near the box clasp.
Put the cucumber in the blender.
Look for a lather.
Stop wearing it from this point.
Remove your extensions with bond remover.
Let the flops air-dry.
Style your hair in a top-knot or ballerina bun.
Report inappropriate upskirt photography to the local authorities.
Take good care of your nails.
See a doctor right away.
Do your eyes.
Go for glossy formulas during the day.
Style your hair and wear it normally for the day.
Have a healthy body image.
Stay in shape.
Cut a piece of wide elastic according to your waist measurement.
Finish by going back over each area once more.
Put away distractions while you’re walking.
Consider getting a face cream with SPF.
Choose wedges that fit your feet snugly without pinching.
Always say no if a friend offers you drugs or cigarettes, especially if you're underaged.
Layer white eyeliner with another eyeliner color.
Reduce your sun exposure.
Have a good personal hygiene routine.
Divide the distance between the front vertical line and the point X into half.
Remove mud promptly.
Paint a pom pom for the hat.
Finish off with a regular braid.
Take regular breaks.
Get in between the toes.
Slip on a blazer to make your outfit look professional.
Get a pair of sun readers if you like to read outdoors.
Pull a wide-tooth comb gently through your damp hair.
Set aside until hardened.
Reduce any puffiness in your eyes.
Wear a leather skirt to a party.
Next, pour out another amount of shampoo, slightly less than the first one.
Decide how much money you are willing to spend on a solitaire ring.
Don't forget to pack tissues, to wipe your nose and avoid the spread of germs.
Part your hair on the other side.
Ask to see the scheduling book.
Measure from the bottom of your neck to the top of your hips.
If the jewelry is so dirty that you find it important to wash the piece, you can moisten a toothbrush lightly and dip in a little toothpaste water.
Wind-down by playing a favorite video game or app on your phone.
Bring the point down to the fold.
Use a deep conditioner at least once per week.
Soak a soft kitchen sponge in vinegar to clean fiberglass tubs and sinks.
Match the drape of the dress with the drape of the pants.
Hold the scissors at a lower angle.
Continue the braiding process to the end.
Curl your hair with hot rollers.
Use potato slices.
Tie the strings snugly to one side.
Sport a fitted snapback cap.
Use an eyebrow pencil with a fine tip to make your eyebrows appear more full.
Begin a regular braid.
Cut calories.
Rinse your hair in cranberry, pomegranate or beetroot juice (choose one only).
Continue beading.
Wash. Keeping hair and skin clean is crucial, otherwise you'll suffer from a lot of issues.
Wear your jeans with flats.
Choose glossy formulas for casual events.
Try unconventional patterns if you have a creative style.
Uncross your arms by lifting the shirt into the air.
Line up the other side of the boot band zip next to the boot zip and pull it up.
Moisturize like Shania Twain: She finds there's nothing like Bag Balm – an ointment made to soften a cow's udder for milking – to make her complexion silky.
Helmets are also a required piece of equipment for all ages and for players under the age of 18 it also required they wear a full face cage or shield.
Dress your puffer jacket up with a bright beanie and nice scarf.
Wrap a ribbon around the base of the bun.
Do a half up top knot to emphasize the bottom layer.
Limit alcohol, caffeine, smoking, and processed foods.
Monitor the lather's consistency.
Use your bleach pen to create the design on your colored shoes.
Tuck the strips underneath the inner lining of the hat.
Cut out a thin vertical strip down the side of a cardboard box.
Be proud of your style.
Call your dentist if you have tooth pain or other troublesome symptoms.
Continue with this pattern until the bracelet is as long as you need it, alternating back and forth between threading the cords from the back and front.
Cleanse your hair with apple cider vinegar to get rid of build-up.
Monthly care.
Learn to deal with the itchiness.
Use the right tools.
Fashion.
Place the oil mixture in freezer or outside to chill.
Part your hair into 4 sections.
Use white liquid shimmer eyeshadow to highlight in the outer corner.
Deodorize your dress shoes.
Sleep at least 8 hours a day, especially if you're young.
Sweep the long hairs straight over your bald spot.
Apply brown eyeliner to your upper and lower lids.
Put your towel wrap to one side.
Change to more comfortable clothing if possible.
Get a texturizing hair product.
Hobbies and interests: Take up something that you are interested in and do it as much as you can (arts and crafts, reading, traveling, playing an instrument, cooking, sports, etc).
Use the coarsest side of the buffer to smooth out ridges and other imperfections.
Apply dry shampoo to your roots to give it some texture.
Wear a belly band over your pants if you cannot close them.
Uphold your look.
Rinse the hair for a few seconds with cold or cool water (depending on your clients sensitivity).
Apply your lipstick to finish the look.
Brush your teeth in the morning and at night for at least two minutes for good mouth health, fresh breath and pleasantness.
Use your robe to dry off after you get out of the shower.
Trim, staple the ends of the cardboard strip together and wear your bracelet.
Take measurements with a fabric measuring tape.
Then, you need to move the strings on your left hand down so the strings are on your middle finger and your ring finger.
Aim for 65-90 milligrams of vitamin C daily to improve skin’s healing.
Cover the rack with a garment bag to prevent dust buildup.
Combine pink and red to project a sense of fun and brightness.
Eat a balanced diet consisting of whole foods and healthy fats.
Roll up your cuffs.
Fill snack- or sandwich-size resealable bags with water to halfway (or a third).
Set your washer to a light spin speed with cold water.
Never accept rides from anyone.
Let go of items that don’t fit.
Clean up everything safely.
Use a hydrating hair mask once a week.
Remove the avocado from the tray.
Form the wire into other shapes.
Turn the seam inside-out, looking for the beginning and ending strings for the baseball seam.
Investigate scalp treatments.
Hold one end of Obi with a strap on the top.
Apply an eye colour a few shades darker than your skin tone  to your eyelids and under eye bags, like The Avon eyeshadow in Lace.
Do floor stretches regularly.
Clean up your nails.
Rinse the clothes in cool water before dyeing them.
Line your eyebrows.
Get a professional microdermabrasion treatment.
Deodorant.
Gather ingredients.
Practice good table manners.
Put the bra into the washing machine with similar colors.
Place the middle of the scarf over your hair with the front edge folded in.
Cut the excess length of string to finish the repair.
Brush the powder away.
Protect your scalp from the sun.
Use a microwave to produce more vibrant colors.
Now remove the first strip from your skin slowly.
Fill a small, glass spray bottle part-way with distilled water.
Treat the nail with vitamin E ointment to encourage growth.
Pin the tag to the upper right-hand side of the clothing item.
Try a tattoo cover for a quick and easy solution.
Limit your sun exposure.
Bathe like Cleopatra by soaking in milk (a natural exfoliant) and honey (a great moisturizer).
Let down the rest of your hair and repeat the process.
Don’t get professional manicures and pedicures too frequently.
Do this with every shower to possibly improve the health of your skin.
Wash your hair with volumizing shampoo.
Pack bulky items into larger cubes first, if applicable.
Wear a hat to protect your hair from UV rays.
Decide whether you want a permanent colour or not.
Repeat this every evening and morning and eventually your skin should become much more clearer and less spotted.
Place the scarf over the end of the ponytail and roll it up.
Check for any stray hairs that remain.
Tuck your tie away during dinner.
Choose a bold color for a fun, edgy look.
Purchase a Misoka toothbrush.
Then, scrub your face with your facial scrubs, especially in those spotty areas!.
Clean your makeup brushes once a week with soap and water.
Prevent rust.
Rinse it quickly with cool water and pat it with a microfiber cloth.
Visit coupon websites.
Cleanse with an oil-free product before applying makeup.
Purchase a rust remover suitable for fabrics.
Press the tip of the brush against your eyebrows.
Carry all your essentials in a woven bag.
Use condoms during sex and urinate afterwards to prevent infections.
Try apple cider vinegar and lemon juice.
Eat a varied and healthy diet.
Remove any dirt or mud from the rubber first.
After you've gone through all your jewelry, make sure that your remaining jewelry is ready to go back into your jewelry box.
Choose a black bandeau and high-waisted tight skirt for a classic look.
Try a natural look for a mature, professional tone.
Make sure your hair is perfectly dry before taking it down.
Select the gentle cycle on the washing machine.
Sit down on a padded seat, take a cleansing breath in and release your breath after a few seconds have elapsed.
Design a belt from a contiguous strand necklace.
Stick with simple patterns, like light vertical pinstripes.
Apply moisturizing lotion to the cellulite ridden area so your hands glide on with ease.
Stay classy.
Get judges.
Incorporate your woven wire into a pendant, bracelet, or ring.
Let go of any awkward feelings.
Mix up mask for your hands.
Tighten the stretcher in your shoe.
Make sure the shoe is wide enough.
Grab a sponge or cloth and wet it slightly.
Dutch braid around your hairline to create a braided halo or crown.
Try plopping your hair.
Practice confidence.
Don't wash it in the washing machine.
Let the person lie down.
Look for pores to distinguish alligator leather from crocodile leather.
Turn leaves into a fine powder with a blender or mixer.
Wear a simple gold or silver necklace.
Drink plenty of water to hydrate your skin.
Unclip the hair from the front of your face.
There you go- completely clean!.
Paint one nail with a base coat made for nails.
Massage the product onto your stained skin and wait for 1 to 2 minutes.
Try out different types of boots.
Wash your face every morning and night.
You can place the wipes, bags and hand sanitizer wherever you have space left in the box.
Use a mix of moisturizing and strengthening products for medium porosity hair.
Set your concealer with a light dusting of pressed powder.
Blend the sides and back into the top.
Clean the heated curler using rubbing alcohol.
Start with longer hair.
Use a stick foundation (in the correct colour for your skin tone) to even out skin, try SPF.
Consider where you are taking the handbag.
Give your toes room to move.
Get plenty of protein in your diet.
Write appointments and tasks in it as soon as you learn or think of them.
Drive over the boots a few times.
Prepare the bain marie or double boiler for use.
Try sandals or flats for a casual look.
Fold sweatpants fabric in half, with the wrong sides facing out.
Wear a dark suit for formal gatherings.
Roll it from the top to the bottom.
Combine the ingredients.
Tie the strings with an overhand knot at the top.
Try a baking soda soak to reduce excess odor and discharge.
Put your shin guards wherever they feel comfortable.
Place the lid on the atomizer.
Pour the ginger and salt combination into a small bowl.
Shampoo and condition your hair once every few days.
Do not wear your best clothes.
Create a messy updo.
Wear dark jeans and a sports coat for more informal events.
Apply beard conditioner and wait for 30 minutes.
Choose your color palette based on your skin tone.
Don't keep your toothbrush inside a bag for too long while you're traveling.
Pull the blade down 1–2 inches (25–51 mm).
Flip the jacket over and measure the sleeve length.
Find a counselor who specializes in LGBT issues.
Use toothpaste to cover up the stain.
Avoid heat-styling.
Refuel and move on.
Wash the paste off under soapy water.
Use a toothpick.
Add a jacket over the dress.
Groom your eyebrows to give them definition.
Try some yoga.
Consider transferring your body wash into smaller containers.
Make sure that every piece of jewelry is clean before you put it in your piercing.
Store the spray in a cool, dry place.
Turn the heat up to medium and let everything melt, stirring occasionally.
Add a pop of color with a brightly colored scarf or pair of flats.
Peel away the glue.
Try honey.
Mix the dry ingredients together.
Add baking soda to warm water.
Use a masking cosmetic.
Fill a large bowl or dish with hot water.
Snap the belt buckle halves together to secure the strap.
Apply Bicarbonate of Soda instead if a powder to, a) conceal blackheads, whiteheads and minor blemishes and, b) reduce oily skin.
Ask whoever is there with you if you can get a special treat afterward.
Tie your hair back from your face.
Tie your hair up in a bun to keep it out of your face.
Cut the hair, then move onto the next section.
Blow dry your hair, then style it.
Make repairs.
Adjust as needed to even up the purse.
Stay warm and fashionable with leather gloves.
Money is another thing.
Avoid touching your face.
Verify that the seller is an authorized TOMS retailer.
Style hair with products made from natural ingredients.
Wear red shoes with a neutral pattern.
Look after your skin.
Get a small pot or container and a stick or spatula of your choice.
Know the essentials that you need.
Drink enough water.
Dress in layers.
Apply the body spray after you shower.
Twist your hair around itself.
Avoid over-filling your washing machine.
Stir in 1 tablespoon (15 milliliters) of aloe vera.
Take breaks between acrylics.
Sunglasses are very helpful when it's sunny or even overcast, since the light reflecting off the water can cause glare.
Use darker shadow for large or protruding eyes.
Place your foot in the completely unbuckled sandal.
Apply a soft and natural color eyeshadow, like taupe.
Twist the wire shut, then snip off the shorter piece of wire.
Share your electronic calendar or certain events on it with others.
Talk to someone in sign language.
Start twisting your first section.
Hang the first hanger in your closet or from a hook on the wall.
Gather your jeans, scrap fabric, scissors, iron and iron-on adhesive.
Select your Apple Watch.
Go bold with your look by styling hot pink cords with a true red top.
Place the the bidet on the lavatory pan.
Bend the head pin all the way around, then wrap it several times around the pin where it just comes out of the bead.
Gently remove the exfoliant being careful not to get any in your eyes.
Use the tape to peel off the first layer.
Darken your beard with black walnuts.
Leave the rollers in for at least an hour.
Remember that some chiffon blouses are see-through.
Remove your eye makeup with an oil-free makeup remover.
Wash the mask off your face.
Cut the tip off of your nail glue if you cannot puncture it.
Tilt your chin down slightly.
Ease rashes, itchiness and irritation.
Turn the garment inside out and reinforce the crotch area with a stitch or two.
Incorporate vitamins A and C into your diet to hydrate your hair.
Continue braiding around your head.
Find a bag that's durable, easy to carry, and large enough to hold all of your things.
Run to escape sudden showers.
Create formal looks with white oxfords.
Use an iron on the denim to complete the drying process.
Shower when you come in or before bed.
Clip the curled hair in place with hair clips.
Twist your first band into a figure-8.
Use thickening shampoos, conditioners, and products.
Apply basic makeup.
Work with a massage therapist who is experienced in prenatal massage.
Use a hair net.
Determine if the deal is too good to be true.
Look through the sale and clearance racks.
Eat your omega-3 fatty acids.
Tap Done.
Shower with lukewarm water.
Mix an egg white mask.
Prepare the template.
Buy yourself a new outfit.
Find a friend to help you measure your legs.
Find out if the wheels can be replaced.
Apply a highlighter.
Choose the right calendar for you.
Use salt water.
Create a loosely twisted or braided halo for a natural look.
Add squats to your workout.
Continue braiding your hair following the last step.
Dress appropriately for exercise.
Tone your calves.
Get a fake nose ring.
Massage in oil.
Use a camomile tea mask.
Repeat at least 3 times a week.
Don't go on and on about your latest problem when talking to people.
You can wear this poncho either with your head completely through the hole, or with it just around your face to protect your head.
Cut the fabric down to the right length, if needed.
Get laser treatment.
Put some small makeup bags in the storage so you can just quickly grab one.
Try out platform shoes.
Buy a backpack to take your things on the go.
Roll your hair in a bandana or scarf for a casual look.
Apply ampoules only to problem areas.
Have nice looking nails.
Keep wrapping the fabric around and around, pleating as you go.
Wipe the soles down with a dry towel.
Add some essential oils if you want a nice fragrance.
Use a hair applicator brush to apply the mixture to your pubic hair.
Wear some cute and pretty clothes.
Choose the same size as your other panties.
Take a black or green teabag, wet it with warm water and press it over your lips for five minutes to quickly soothe chapped lips.
Add more sections of hair until you’ve twisted all of the hair on your right or left part.
Use a homemade hair rinse which improves the health of your hair but also makes it green.
Wear an edgy T-shirt with your velvet leggings.
No personal portrait style or looking over one shoulder.
Get 7 to 9 hours of sleep every night for optimal health benefits.
Wash your hair with a clarifying shampoo.
Use a black eyeliner (liquid) and begin near your tear duct on the top lash.
Measure your bra band.
Apply a light pink, nude, or clear lip gloss or stain.
Do a second coat.
Take a shower in the morning (or night) and wash your hair every other night or morning.
Apply makeup.
Place the ring on a non-traditional finger.
Don't touch your face.
Do not dye your hair.
Tuck your undershirt into your underwear.
Consider alternatives to showering.
Get the right foundation for you.
Get plenty of sleep.
Wear makeup every day, all day, if you like.
Pin the bra and dress together.
Add length to round, small, or deep-set eyes with a gradient of eyeshadow.
Follow a good exercise routine.
Buy 2 yards (1.8 meters) of stretchy fabric.
Be well-groomed.
Style a section of hair into a waterfall braid.
Ditch uncomfortable cuts for clothes that feel good to wear.
Prepare your hair.
Choose the type of fund that best suits your investment needs.
Check the color.
Set up a Make-up station.
Keep the curling iron unplugged when it's not in use.
Unknot your tie before taking it off.
Use a texturizing sea salt spray.
Get a new, clean container.
Keep your hands off your piercing.
Change your blow-drying techniques.
Avoid hair products containing sulfates, silicones, and parabens.
Fold your cardigan into thirds widthwise.
Turn the fabric piece inside out so that the right side of the fabric is showing.
Fold the coat lengthwise from bottom to top and tuck the hem under the collar.
Fill in your lips with white lip liner.
Consider tampon use.
Take a black waterproof mascara.
Put on a headband to add some glam to any hairstyle.
Prevent painful flip-flops by cushioning the thong part.
Part your hair down the middle and massage the juice onto your scalp.
Rub topical CBD oil onto your feet to help ease pain.
Try massage therapy.
Avoid drinking too much alcohol.
Add makeup or brow sealing solution.
Take the orange and stretch it across the 3rd section of your eye.
Tie a ribbon to the base of your ponytail.
Finally, paint on his eyes and nose.
Eat the right carbs and fats.
Widen the hole if necessary.
Catch a strand of folded Marley hair onto the hook.
Wear combat boots with your cropped sweater for an edgy style.
Bleach dark spots with lemon juice to lighten them.
Wear the shoes again for just half a day two days later.
Place the fabric on a table.
It is suggested that you add 1 cup (250ml / 8 fl oz) of the lavender water to your bath as the bath is filling up.
Wash your face twice a day to keep your skin clear.
Gather "2-3" area of the hair.
Avoid certain foods.
Add other accessories.
Don’t forget your lips.
Use a makeup brush to sweep away any hair from your face and neck.
Look for a user-friendly design.
If you favor jeans with stretch be sure to buy a few high quality pairs, size down and rotate wearing them so they retain their stretch.
Exfoliate TWICE a week.
Try a white peacoat, black turtle neck, black pants, and red lipstick for a chic, winter look.
Rinse yourself off with clean water.
Dip the applicator into the warm wax.
Place the cut felt it on top of the uncut felt.
Check the lining of the bag.
Start with clean, dry hair.
Place something cool on your face for puffiness.
Take a clean nail brush and gently clean under and around your nails, to get rid of dirt and dead skin.
Lay the counter onto the sole; sew along the edges.
Using thread that is the same colour as the fabric, sew along the line made in the previous step, using whichever stitch you're most comfortable with; although back-stitch is recommended.
Apply an insecticidal shampoo for head lice, if necessary.
If you are not completely awake, use a white or peach eyeliner and apply at the corner of your eye, on and around the waterline.
Grab your hair elastic and slide it down to the base of the ponytail.
Straighten small sections of your top half until it is also smooth and sleek; let out your bottom half.
Take 1a and make a four with it across 2a.
Measure the train.
Transfer the oil to the nail polish bottle.
Stitch the two loofah pieces together, firmly holding the fabric handle in place.
Book a waxing appointment if you experience difficulties.
See a dermatologist if you have acne or blackheads.
Cut your desired length of rickrack.
Try blue and green together.
Dry the bag upside down.
Cut your paper into a ⁄2 in (1.3 cm) wide strip.
Press down.
Wear slimfit jeans.
Choose jeans that fit tightly and feel snug.
On the bottom lash line, about halfway across, use a darker brown color right along the lash line.
Store your shoes in breathable fabric.
Part your hair in a different place each day.
Store your watch in a protective case when you aren’t wearing it.
Turn your leggings inside out and put them in the water.
Cut off split ends.
Use a fabric repair glue if you are unable to stitch the hole shut.
Leave the mask on as long as you want.
Choose the quote that will be used on the Atarah.
Deep clean your home once a week to maintain it.
Finishing touches, if you need to.
Pick a streamlined pant.
Attach an individualized luggage tag.
Stick to your behavioral changes.
Learn self-defense.
Get your feet measured every time you buy heels.
Achieve softer skin with a mask of strawberries and yogurt.
Get a second opinion.
Use it to remove eye makeup.
Experiment with wearing your denim jacket with denim jeans.
Hydrate yourself.
Fold the sides into thong to create a strip of fabric.
Determine what color you want to dye your hair.
Add the pleasantly smelling stuffing.
Apply curl cream.
Finish off the style, as needed.
Conceal blemishes.
Apply a dime-sized amount of styling matte.
Put it to the test in your own environment; at home, at work, and at play.
Wear a swim cap in the pool.
Using your liquid eye liner, run it over your pencil eye liner.
Wear leggings.
Always buy things you need first.
Get regular trims to prevent your bangs from losing their shape.
Towel your hair dry.
Apply a thin gel base coat to your nails on one hand.
Immerse the bite guard in water.
Mix the cornstarch and baking soda thoroughly.
Set your style with hairspray, if desired.
Tie knots in a circular motion around the braid.
Call your dentist if you have symptoms of tooth decay.
Preheat your iron.
Choose two colors.
Moisturize your lips daily with lip balm or petroleum jelly.
Stand straight with your head held high.
Ask the salesperson to measure your feet.
Determine if the heel height is right for you.
Contour your face with bronzer and blush.
Consider using bleach as an alternative to pumice stones.
Choose the onsen.
Try using Rogaine.
Wear a turtleneck under a suit jacket to mix it up at the office.
Get your favorite perfume or essential oil.
Use a wet cloth and detergent to launder the insoles.
Tease your roots for additional volume at the crown.
Melt some lip balm, then mix cosmetic glitter into it.
Only use 1 foot (0.3 m) black paracord and 5.5 feet (1.7 m) orange paracord.
To revive tired, dull skin without hitting the spa table, try this: Crack open an egg in a bowl, separate the yolk, and use the egg whites to make a face mask.
Tilt your head to one side and brush where the part was to smooth out the split.
Buy a nonskid mat.
Make your shorts holey.
Apply an illuminator to the places you naturally tan (or burn), using a bronzer brush.
Tie a wrap around skirt securely at your waist.
Tone your face with an egg white.
Apply a hint of blush and bronzer.
Apply SPF daily.
Make an apple-based cleanser for dry skin.
Add some fun and zest to your outfits with scarves, hats, and ties.
Make sure your toddler’s toes have enough space.
Part hair into 2 sections.
Dust powder onto soles of client's feet.
Mix used coffee grounds and egg white together.
Dress like a teen.
Give your hair a very careful brush from the roots to the ends slowly.
Buy a darker powder or foundation to contour with.
Pick which tip you want your cuticle pusher to have.
Try a long faux-fur coat with strappy heels for an elegant edge.
Try strappy white heels with evening wear or for a special event.
Moisturize your whole body daily.
Apply a lotion.
Put a headband over your forehead and around to the back of your head.
Trim your nails 1-2 times a week to keep them short until they recover.
Use retinoid creams.
Wear a cardigan to show off the style of your dress underneath.
Dilute the ink as needed.
Pin the sashes together.
Tap the swab on the side of the glass to remove excess solution.
Twist the other two sections.
Invest in natural, lighter products to wash and condition low porosity hair.
Be friends with people who seem 'safer'.
Gather your fabric, zipper and sewing supplies.
Create twelve notebooks.
Schedule your luggage for pick-up.
Bend the wrapped, heavy gauge wire into a loop.
Use makeup to create the appearance of cleavage.
Take the trouser leg (only one) and flatten it, wrong side out.
Get ideas.
Curl your eyelashes with an eyelash curler.
Release your bottom band.
As the therapist moves the sheet to work on a part of your body, don't move for them or hold limbs up as they secure the sheet.
Flirt.
Ask for support from friends.
Apply an eye gel or eye primer to the eye area to smooth skin and reduce puffiness.
Eat foods that improve your body odor.
Be clean.
Accent your hair color with new shimmer colors.
Invest in a pair of fleece-lined Crocs to stay warm in the winter.
You can use this oil about 3 or 4 times before having to either throw it away, or it runs out.
Freshen up with some deodorant wipes, as there's no time for a shower.
Look for changes in skin coloration, which may look like a rash.
Store the scrub for up to 1 month in an airtight container.
Clear out a decently sized spot in the freezer.
Set your foundation with a powder.
Make sure your hair is clean, smelling good and well hydrated (you can use hydrating hair mask when washing your hair to get your hair healthy and looking fine), and put on a pretty dress (or clothes you like), and smile!.
Twist the first band around your pointer and middle fingers.
Try some self-tanner.
Sew a button onto the opposite end.
Use a mask, if desired.
Make your bed when you wake up.
Be more polite to come off as soft and gentle.
Do strawberry nails.
Untangle the hair before starting.
Download and print the labels on heavy paper.
Make a 2–3 in (5.1–7.6 cm) cut around the collar line on both shoulders.
Use a mild cleanser and moisturizer after removing your makeup.
Choose the proper gauge or millimeter size.
Score along the dotted lines.
Wear it straight.
Dump powdered drink mix into container.
Begin cutting the section of hair at the nape of your neck.
Appy some foundation if you think it makes you look pretty.
Get leg warmers in neon colors and patterns.
Avoid dressing too fancy at inappropriate times.
Write down the absolute necessities first!.
Insert the first fourchette piece in between your first fingers.
Choose light, breathable fabrics for everyday wear.
Tie a scarf around the outside of your turtleneck for a preppy look.
Be a good friend.
Make liquid hand soap with castile soap diluted with up to 5 parts water.
Buy your clothing.
Backcomb the section from the tips to the roots.
Evaluate the hairstyle.
Excel at an instrument.
Pin the curl up with a clip.
Comb the loose back section of hair and pull it taut between your fingers.
Put your jeans on.
Cut according to the calculated dimensions on the selvage.
Also put in a dollar's worth of quarters, in case you forget to refill your kit and need to get some from a machine.
Start off by washing your hair.
Use coconut oil, olive oil, or jojoba oil to break down the eyeliner.
Divide your hair into 4 or more sections.
Protect your clothes.
Fill up the bathtub with water as hot as you can stand it.
Pop on a hat.
Use a humidifier in your room during winter.
Smear another handful over the rest of your hair.
Stick your chin out.
From point N, move up the grid an inch and a half.
Eat at least five portions of fruits and vegetables a day.
Pair your dress with heels for a more formal look.
Set the paint with a light dusting of translucent powder once it dries.
Finish your look with a sweep of translucent powder.
Get the right hair cut.
Emphasize personal responsibility over social support or government regulation.
Know that all new piercings become inflamed for several days.
Consume turmeric-infused foods and beverages.
Try bangles on later in the day or after exercise.
Remove the loofah fruit from the vine when ripe.
Have fabulous hair.
Keep the shoes from warping by washing them with a load of towels.
Make clothing work for you.
Aches & Pains:  Blend 2.5 milliliters (0.08  fl oz) of base oil, 2 drops of lavender and 3 drops of rosemary essential oil and add to your bathwater.
Bring a comb and mirror to school.
Maintain your extensions are your hair grows.
Make some for your friends and pass them out.
Dip your jeans in the dye.
Show off your favorite belt with a cropped sweater.
Replace mascara every 2 to 3 months and liner and shadow every year.
If you have any more imperfections visible, cover them up with a high-quality concealer that is slightly lighter than your skin and blend well.This will give your face the perfection that you want.Blend with your ring finger or your cosmetic wedge.
Spread the mixture onto your face.
In hot weather, it is usually acceptable for male guards to wear just their shorts.
Opt for wedges with an ankle strap for more stability.
Apply foundation or tinted moisturizer to your face.
Rinse your hair with cold milk to get a soft feel and a great shine.
Shake, spread, and disperse the glitter over the oil to create your look.
Tie the end as close to the braid as you can get.
Start cutting the middle of your bangs.
Place your sweatshirt in a plastic bag and allow it to soak overnight.
Use as required around delicate eye area.
Allow your Chacos to air dry completely before you wear them again.
Choose some fabric.
Be wary of skin procedures if you’re Type IV-VI.
Get a pair of sandals.
Re-dye your clothes if the color fades over time.
"Stretch Blends" Jeans with stretch will fit more generously, but as higher quality brands use stronger types of stretch the give will not be as great as the lower end 'shopping mall stretch' jeans (which should be avoided by anyone over 12.).
Move two inches down the ponytail and secure it with an elastic.
Sport those bad boys around the town!.
Make sure you look closely at the photos, identify which type of makeup is used.
Scoop the avocado out of the skin with a spoon.
Wear your hair differently.
Know your abilities and limitations.
Place in the oven and bake at 350ºF/180ºC for 10-12 minutes.
Wear clean, absorbent socks.
Attach the tube to the brace.
Get some fabulous new clothes.
Apply for representation from an agency that features tattoo models.
Learn about breast reduction surgery.
Wash your hair with shampoo for blonde hair.
Apply foundation and concealer sparingly.
Try the wig on and place a bobby pin in the hair at the length you like.
Turn the ring to conceal it inside your nostrils.
Make a pumpkin spice sugar scrub for fall.
Continue the same with the other sections of hair.
A close-up of the head and top of shoulders (80%+ of the photo).
Try retinoid creams.
Put the mixture all over your face, and around your eyes (be careful you do not get the mixture in your eyes-if you do, make sure you rinse your eyes out with cold water right away.).
Avoid wearing nail polish for 2-4 weeks so your nails can heal.
Coil your hair into a bun.
Cover a clear case with patterned washi tape for a solid effect.
Pour the mixture into a small container and put the lid on.
Put on a simple beret for a modern look.
Lay a folded towel inside the basket to the side to provide that artistic flourish.
Lay down the pads on the floor of the shower with the dirty side facing up.
Go shopping at the end of the day.
Relax curls with a “doobie” wrap.
Stand up straight with your back against a wall.
Put the bleached clothing in the washer and clean using soap powder.
Don't take anything from anyone.
Advertise that your yard sale will include kids’ clothing.
Give your normal clothes an extra edge.
Be willing to take a chance when you sense a connection.
Put your thumb on one end of soap and shave in that direction.
Put on foundation.
Sew tassels onto the jacket.
Complete a sophisticated look with a sleek black clutch or briefcase.
Store sweaters dry.
Wrap your hair in a warm, damp towel or a shower cap.
Trim long eyebrow hairs with scissors.
Buy  fabric paint, or acrylic paint.
Take your comb/brush and holding the section of your hair, place the comb/brush at the root of your head.
Put on a knit hat and gloves to finish your look.
Apply a slightly lighter shadow to the inner corner of the eye.
Do bridges.
Pass the back section of hair under the new middle section of hair.
Wait for your hair to set.
Buy well known, branded clothes for a cheaper price from eBay, Amazon and other Internet sites.
Wear a tailored blouse and slim-fitting trousers for a smart, dressy look.
Keep a “Donate” box out at all times.
Close the container tightly and shake.
Seal the image with a glaze spray.
Do the same with the bottom string, through the bottom holes.
Spray a second light coat of spray gel onto the henna.
Turn an avocado into a rich face scrub with brown sugar, olive oil, and honey.
Embrace the endorphins to boost your mood.
Massage the paste into your short hair for a casual, tousled look.
Find time to be alone.
Fold back the sides of the clothing near the zipper to ensure you can easily see their hands.
Complete a braided cord bracelet.
Clean your other teeth as normal, just a bit more carefully.
Fake purses are always at flea markets.
Switch up the length and style of your braids.
Pair your wardrobe basics with unique accessories to elevate your look.
Wear a pair of boots with your jeans.
Recognize oval faces by their slight tapering.
Remove your ring when working out.
Find a pair of socks that are ankle length, preferable match the pjs, and fit the child well.
Eat green vegetables.
Pour the resulting mixture into the container you're using to keep the balm in.
Put the tray of avocado into the oven.
Clean!.
If the highlights aren't light enough, put more lemon juice on the same spots as before and sit out for another 30 minutes.
Use heat protectant.
Hold the ponytail right in the middle with your non-dominant hand.
Avoid tanning beds and sunlamps.
Don’t let the outer edge of the eyebrow droop.
Wrap your cashmere in acid-free tissue to preserve the color.
Delay buying something for one month.
Paint wooden furniture in a colorblock pattern.
Do regular beauty treatments at home or at a spa.
Put in about 6 - 8 drops of your essential oil (in total), into the coconut oil.
Start with neatly-brushed hair.
Add sequins, studs, or other accessories to the shirt for additional flair.
Fold the ends of the straps in by 1 inch (2.54 centimeters), then pin them to the top, inside edge of the bag.
Make a tunnel for the elastic band on the bottom by flipping the edge.
Take your measurements twice and double-check them.
Apply moderate pressure to the skin and alternate these moves:.
Attach a blind hem foot to your machine.
Store winter boots clean and dry.
Create a romantic updo.
Keep an umbrella handy.
Waste not, want not.
Fully inspect the clothing for stains, holes or rips.
Wear braids to emphasize your center part.
Look for their hands.
Change public opinion.
Open a Pandora bangle bracelet by pushing and twisting the ball.
Consider electrolysis.
Use deoxycholic acid injections as an alternative to liposuction.
Look for a well-lit gas station in a reasonably safe neighborhood.
Obtain Fabric for your (new) flap closure.
Pin the straps to the back of the dress.
Add a monthly bucket list.
Get the powder - unscented or a scent close to what you want.
Wrap the braid into a bun.
Buy glycerin.
Fold the waistband down 2 inches (5.1 cm).
Wear high fashion boots to provide more warmth.
Find a spot on the floor where your friends can couch-down near you, when you become any bit embarrassed.
Shower at least once per day to keep your body clean.
Use saddle soap and warm water to clean your leather laces.
Put the palm of your hand on your neck, beneath the messy bun.
Thread some ribbon through the metal closure, and tie it in a knot.
Use the rollers to curl one section of hair at a time.
Crush the eyeshadow into powdery form.
Wait for the knots to form.
Consider the color of the shoe.
Focus on the big toes.
Get out of the shower or bath and dry off with a clean towel.
Apply a depilatory cream to get rid of hairs at the surface.
Apply a moisturizer to your head at least twice a day.
Get your lips just right.
Be sure your clothes fit well.
Get corticosteroid injections if topical treatments aren’t effective.
Clamp the iron over one of the foil-wrapped loops of hair.
Call your doctor if you notice redness, pain, and other signs of infection.
Rub the earlobes between your fingers and thumb, then gently pinch all around the outer ear.
Think of Amanda Seyfried in "Dear John".
Wait at least 30 minutes after you wake up to try to remove your cup.
Order women’s pantyhose from any website that sell’s women’s clothes.
Look for a tag that says the jeans were made in the USA.
Incorporate hair into the braid.
Use a taper to stretch the piercing.
Wrap the two side braids.
Melt the coconut oil, let it cool, then add the coffee grounds.
Work the conditioner into the wallet in small circular motions.
Add the Zinc Oxide to the beeswax mixture.
See a hairstylist.
Keep your head elevated while you sleep.
Make sure that you are fully-clothed when you apply the wax.
Fold back the cleavage facing section of the swimwear top cups and apply strip of you double sided tape.
Open up your suitcase so every bit of packing space is visible.
Trim and knot both sides of the shirt to give it a fitted look.
Divide your hair into 4 main sections and clip them up.
Begin folding by slightly tucking in the top cuff.
Cut the remaining side piece to a width of 5 inches, and fold in half lengthwise.
Decide if you want an applicator for tampons.
Wipe off any of the compound on the lenses with a clean cotton swab.
Clean your brush.
Adjust the tightness of the bracelet.
Blend it all together.
Try a half-up ponytail if you need to keep your hair out of your face.
Give each other a special, unique love token instead of a ring.
Shave (don’t use cream) before your treatment.
Wash your hair gently (don't scrub too hard or your hair will tangle up)(your hair is very porous and fragile).
If you don't have too many accessories, pick out a store where you think you can get good prices.
Put on a camel sweater and jeans for a cozy outfit.
Use the treatment as often as once a week until your skin lightens.
Dry the nails completely under UV light for 3 minutes between coats.
Schedule a personalized fitting.
Tape panels together as shown.
Wear a skirt.
Now that you have the color, choose the right formula for your skin type.
After you feel it has worked, rinse - not with a cloth - with tepid water until all the stickiness has come off.
Weekly care.
Condition the leather every few months.
Stay positive.
Stimulate their nipples.
Show your love with art.
Slide the baby’s feet gently into their shoes.
Decide what kind of dress you want.
Mist your face with setting spray or powder to lock your look in place.
Wash them in the washing machine.
Sprinkle a generous amount of baking soda over smelly flip flops or sandals.
Give your cubes some sparkle by adding some mica powder to the sugar.
Ease into bralessness.
Wear brown and black together.
Reshape the bra cups once the cycle is done, if needed.
Evaluate your closet.
Pick a light wash if you want a casual pair of jeans.
Curl little pieces of your hair.
Avoid activities that are rough on your nails.
Frame your sunglasses to really show them off.
Place the hand-mixer into the oil base and start mixing while slowly pouring the liquid base into the oils.
When get the ideal length of braided bracelets with beads, tie a knot.
Add a small amount of Vegetable Glycerin to the bottle.
Bring the end of the scarf under and over the top of the loop.
Apply lip color or lip gloss.
Accept that organization is an ongoing process.
Fold the sweater in half over the bar and hang it in your closet.
Test the product on your skin.
It is suggested that you purchase a new soft-bristle toothbrush to use during the initial healing period.
Paint the strawberry leaves white first.
Learn to cut your own hair.
Lay the shirt on an ironing board.
Select an area where you'd like to receive the massage.
Build an impressive vocabulary.
Determine what size you want the end loop to be.
Wear no-show socks with your Toms for extra warmth.
Sit down in the tub while wearing the jeans.
Paint the box using spray paint or acrylic paint.
Trim the bottom edges of your hair to complete the cut.
Shorten a pair of pants to update your look.
Talk with friends and see how they coped with adjusting to wear their blanket sleepers as soon as you arrive.
Put on long-sleeves or a collar to hide upper-body tattoos.
Find two pieces of material.
Roll the ball forward all the way to your toes, then back to your heel.
Enter a giveaway on social media if you want to win samples.
Cut it along the fold.
Make an aromatherapy shower tab.
Remember to restock your period pouch daily or at the end of every cycle.
Examine strands of pearls for loosening strings.
Soak the flosser tip.
Take your off brush and brush really really hard for ages until the boot is shiny.
Clean suede shoes with special tools and techniques.
Select a color.
Combine the egg and olive oil.
Braid the three cords tightly.
Have microdermabrasion.
In between washes, moisturize the scalp.
Undo the ponytails and gather your hair back.
Use an infinity scarf for a "necklace" look.
Place the powder bead towards the top of your nail, brushing it downwards.
Use the darker shade on what you want to de emphasize, and the lighter on what you want to stand out.
Use shea butter when frying.
Wash and dry your skin beforehand.
Wipe your trainers down with a clean cloth.
Try using a piece of thread.
Brush your hair to eliminate tangles.
Spray a can of compressed air to remove any loose dirt from the jewelry.
Trim away the excess edges of the cardstock once the Mod Podge has dried.
Ask about injections.
Use blotting paper.
Avoid wearing white trainers with formal looks.
Squeeze the sack of avocado into a bowl.
Take your time getting into your Spanx.
Pin the donut bun against your head.
Treat the soles regularly.
Tie the section back.
Define yourself with a clean and elegant look.
Top your mascara with clear topcoat if you want to seal it in.
Thread the small end of the tie through the loop to secure it.
Drink more water.
Wait up to 48 hours for the glue to finish drying.
Know what CIT treats.
Consider new styles.
Rinse your skin completely.
Respect your hair's natural texture.
When drying, don't rub your hair vigorously with your towel, or it will frizz up.
Microwave the lipsticks.
Lift the iron, wait a few seconds, then press it down onto the powder for another 15 seconds.
Add some hair to each strand, just like French braiding.
Press all seams.
Use facial cleansers and shower gels with added moisturizers.
Place the sock over your ponytail.
Call your dentist to schedule an appointment.
Tie the arms behind your back if you want a simple look.
Identify 3 points in the intersecting lines.
Wash your hair, but don't condition it.
Embrace your natural beauty!.
Rinse off the neem paste with clean water.
Add “filler” to your hat.
Sew the gaps on the cuffs and waistband shut.
Separate your caps into at least three different groups and paint them different colors.
Repurpose your perfume bottle into a flower vase.
Press down on the latch to open the clasp.
Take sections of hair, and twist.
Wear the ring to display your heritage.
Spread a new layer of Mod Podge over the back of the pig image.
Conditioning the beard.
Remove the net and rollers.
Wash your hands with soap and water.
Shorts: If you wear shorts at the knees make sure they are jean.
Put your hair up in 3-4 cloth bands/ scrunches, before your hair is wet.
Use a syringe.
Remove the back of the watch.
Strain the rose hips from the oil.
Look for a lining that covers the entire inside of the shoe.
Purchase pig skin for a realistic practice experience.
Use an underarm deodorant and body fragrance.
Consult with a tattoo artist.
Balance a mini and crop top with an oversized jacket.
Start with damp or dry hair.
Get a quote.
Keep the injured area raised, is possible.
A nice bag can be another great asset to your ensemble.
Ask yourself how new it looks.
Talk to a plastic surgeon if you want to remove your stretch marks.
Make a one inch square section of your hair.
Miter or clip the corners for easy turning.
The therapist, or therapists if you have chosen a side-by-side Couples Massage or 4-Hand Massage, will need to set up their table or mat, and any other massage equipment they have brought.
Use cosmetics that don't clog pores to avoid further inflammation.
Don't skimp when it's your kids.
Wear a hat with your dress shirt to spice up a casual outfit.
Make a natural dye for an economical dye.
Eat a healthy diet in order to get the nutrients your hair needs.
Take the watch off if you’re engaging in moderate or highly physical activity.
If someone does break into your house or if there's someone suspicious nearby, don't panic, even though it's easier said than done.
Discuss the types of surgery available.
Tuck a bit of the jersey in at the front for a bit of contouring.
Sew the decoration onto the closed end of the tube.
Repeat rolling the leg/foot folds until the two leg sections meet and until only one full initial portion of fold is established.
Use rubbing alcohol.
Comb your beard back down to shape and style it.
Wrap the right braid into a bun around both ponytails.
Size your moccasins properly so they fit well.
Apply a darker, orangish brown shade to the outermost corners.
For slightly longer short hair.
French or Dutch Braid your hair.
Wear bright shiny shirts or singlets.
Do not get a wax if you’re taking retinoids.
Enroll in a tattoo artist apprenticeship program.
Store your sweater folded to avoid lumps.
Incorporate other parts of other fashions into your outfits.
Part your hair to the side not down the middle.
Dip the ends of each pigtail into the dye bath.
Try acetone.
Budget for laser hair removal.
Wrap the opposite corner right around your waist.
Add 1 to 2 drops of essential oil, if desired.
Build your poof.
Wash and condition your hair in hot water.
Take an eyelash curler and curl your lashes if you like.
Part your hair down the center, then measure horizontally across it.
Hold the watch by the band or grip the bezel when putting it on or taking it off.
Choose your hairstyle.
Place one end of the tape measure at the top of your shoulder.
Put on a classic T-shirt to keep it simple.
Scoop the mixture into a glass jar.
Wear makeup that looks good on you.
Cover the burn with sterile, non-stick gauze.
Eyeliner.
Be yourself.
Wet your face with lukewarm water, (the water acts to prepare) and dry your skin.
Use a translucent setting powder on your legs if you used body makeup.
Allow to set.
Apply a color of your choice.
Trace your eyes with eyeliner.
Remove the insoles and laces from your Yeezys.
Dip your hair in when it's still hot.
Call your doctor if you notice redness, itchiness, cracking, or bleeding.
Stir continuously for 10 to 30 minutes.
Consider an electric drill.
Check for skin reactions.
Add 1/4 cup of detergent to the water.
Push the base of the motor onto the body so there are no gaps.
Let your leggings dry overnight.
After the eyes have dried, add two smaller circles with the white nail polish.
Be monochromatic.
Scent your hair.
Wear a shirt under your dress.
Find a stylist who works with your type of hair.
Look for a great deal on jeans.
Separate branches and twigs from the dried henna leaves.
Cease shaving.
Wear shoes that will add to your height.
Create a side slit.
Choose a tie width to coordinate with your body type and the occasion.
Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and let it sit for 12 hours.
Avoid wearing the same pair of shoes on consecutive days.
Prioritise your life.
Keep a consistent exercise schedule.
Apply a pink blush with a makeup brush to your cheek bones.
Wear a short wig.
Spray your hair with hairspray to set the style.
Use styling products with humectants.
Twist your hair into bantu knots.
Roll the sock down.
Photos must be taken against a plain white to 18% grey background without shadows.
Take an embroidery hoop apart.
Make short stacks.
Balance both the eyes in the same way.
Don’t wear shoes.
Fold the sides of the shirt over the middle.
Select your fragrance.
Throw your hair into a ponytail with a ribbon or neutral colored tie.
Try different clothing.
Use prescription bleaching cream if the marks don’t fade after 1 year.
Transfer your salt water to a spray bottle.
Pile on the jewelry.
Keep a gorgeous-smelling beauty kit with you.
Once the hair is detangled, drape over your hand.
Cut a fresh strawberry in half.
Line up your brow’s inner edge with the center of your nostril.
Rinse out the conditioner and towel try your beard.
Dye your hair the same color as your roots.
Hold the belt in place.
Fold the fabric in half, and set a pair of pajama pants on top.
Press a piece of tape onto the glitter and pull it off.
Finish the band.
Hem the top of pieces #3 and #4.
Identify your surface.
Treat your skin with the Gentle Rejuvenation System for sensitive skin.
Avoid clothes cut to reveal.
Find common experiences with the people you meet.
Wrap damp hair around your head until it dries.
Watch out for infections and diseases.
Wash once a day.
Melt the cocoa butter and beeswax together in a double boiler.
Apply hair spray to your hair.
Understand that there is no proven link between stress and white hair.
After you have knotted 1a & 2a twice, take 1a and do the same thing on 3a.
Secure the braid at the end with a hair elastic.
Talk to your dermatologist if your nails don’t improve in 3-6 months.
Cleanse your face.
Right click your mouse on the desktop to create a new folder.
Eat nutritious foods.
Unlock your Apple Watch.
Bring your clothes for the day.
Clean as much dirt and grit as you can from your Yeezys.
Cut the strings.
Use shoe hangers to store a variety of items.
Drink 3 to 5 cups of green tea a day to ease inflammation.
Repeat this step with the other piece of wire.
Keep the environment clean.
Focus on your strengths rather than your weaknesses.
Consider Botox.
Cut a strip of fabric that's 1 inch (2.5 cm) longer than the circumference.
Stick the toothpick into a ball of clay and let the glue dry.
Create the bath bomb shape.
Add belts to pants and skirts to accentuate your waist.
Take aesthetics into account.
Drying your bra: DO NOT WRING OUT THE CUPS OR MISSHAPE THEM IN ANYWAY.
Use a back and forth motion to work the floss under the acrylic.
Press the wet side of the pad to your closed eye and hold for 20 seconds.
Use dramatic curls.
Allow the glue to dry naturally.
Wear a pocket watch with a waistcoat.
Dazzle up your nails.
Get your utilities turned on if they haven't already been turned on for construction.
Wipe a cotton pad with petroleum jelly over your skin.
Use a square scarf made out of soft material to tie a fashion turban.
Find a pebbly surface.
Instead of having to do the full face routine, use a wet washcloth or pre-moistened face wipe to clean your skin.
Soak your jewelry.
Once a week, apply the facial of your choice.
Take photos from above whenever possible.
Put on a basic pair of stilettos.
Tell yourself you love cold showers to change your attitude.
Donate your time.
Consider covering the tubes with a scrap of fabric for a more finished look.
Open a bottle of isopropyl alcohol.
Place the thong flat on a table or other surface with the string up.
Visit your dentist.
Take a selfie to check out how you look.
If anything happens or if you see somebody lingering around your house, grab a phone immediately!.
Apply 1 or 2 thin coats of regular nail polish.
Wear your T-shirt dress with wedges for a comfortable, dressy outfit.
Carefully cut out the pieces, following all pattern marks, such as darts, etc.
Dry as desired.
Allow your hair to dry naturally.
Leave it in for around 15 minutes.
Get a professional waxing.
Shop for your body type.
Experiment with sleek, bold styles.
Section off the second third of your hair and secure it with a ponytail holder.
Use sea water to get a darker tan.
Treat stubborn stains with a cotton ball dipped in white vinegar.
Wear comfortable shoes that will keep your feet cool on a casual day.
Combine the dried rose hips with the oil.
Tuck the excess fabric into the underside of the scarf.
Opt for simple, professional jewelry.
Do a  French braid  on both sides of your head.
Get a trim every 6-8 weeks.
Mix up your materials.
Color in the spaces again with dark green the same way you colored in with light green.
Write a grocery list if you want to shop smarter and save money.
Dampen the cloth, then wring out as much water as possible.
Use Orajel on your vagina to relieve irritation.
Place the sachet where desired and enjoy!.
Weave it the other way.
Hold the brush between your thumb pad and against the side of your index finger (try adding the finger next to it a little as well for extra support).
Pair your pearl studs with a pantsuit to look stylish and professional.
Exfoliate often to get rid of dead skin.
Divide the ponytail into two sections.
Apply a wet sheet over your pants and iron them.
Use Scotchgard on the bag.
Use olive oil when cooking.
Spritz your face with rose water to refresh yourself later in the day.
Remove the polish when it's time.
Cut down the center of one crease.
Drink plenty of liquids.
Start slowly.
Grab a makeshift lubricant.
See your doctor.
Choose a 5-pocket style or casual pant fabric.
Dampen the waistband.
Accent a heart-shaped face with medium or long layers.
Stick to reputable websites and brands for the best quality.
Give off a classy vibe with a pair of high heels.
Avoid stilettos for an outdoor wedding.
Place wet newspaper into the shoes for more stretching power.
Get rid of items that are out of style.
Ask your doctor if there are products you should avoid.
Have a party once in a while.
Choose a hair extension texture that matches your natural hair exactly.
Blot wet, scuffed areas with a damp cloth.
Have your hair glazed every 4 weeks.
Talk to your contact person.
Cut off the end of your hair.
Add the oil/s of your choice.
Put goggles on the person to protect their eyes.
Stay focused.
Add a second 4-mm bead, then cut the eye pin down to ⁄4 inch (0.64 cm).
Use jean scraps to make counterculture patches.
Feed the Apple Watch cord through the stand.
Use a darker color to add a contour to your eyelid.
Don't put your glasses on the top of your head.
Avoid patterned leggings.
Avoid foods and drinks that damage your teeth.
Get a little bling in your life.
Apply to first your roots, making sure to massage it in.
Decide whether to get a cuticle pusher made of steel or wood.
Read more articles on this issue.
Apply makeup that plays up your best features if you want to wear it.
Wash and condition your hair regularly.
Get a bar of soap and cut it into medium-sized pieces.
Go to your local Thrift Store.
Use a prepared solution to dissolve any spots.
Brush your shoes regularly with a shoe brush to eliminate dirt.
Study fashion over time.
Never, ever, start doing drugs just because your friends are doing it.
Pour the rosewater into a cooking pan.
Squeeze a generous amount of body wash on your washcloth and lather all over chest, arms, armpits, genitals, buttocks, legs, and feet last.
Balance your exercise plan with a healthy diet.
Stir occasionally with two separate wooden sticks or spoons - (a) to combine the waxes with the oils and (b) for the borax to dissolve in the water.
Consult a professional if you’re worried about damaging your shoes.
Look for a frilly, rectangular headdress.
Pair khakis with a collared shirt for the classic business casual look.
Use a diffuser when you can't avoid blow drying your hair.
Rub down your shoes gently with a suede brush.
Investigate when and why you pick at your face.
Avoid wearing high-top sneakers of any sort when trying a dressier look.
Balance it with your needs.
Bargain-hunt for nice clothes.
Start a foundation braid.
Don't scratch the area!.
Take your shoes off and turn them to face you.
Measure the bicep at the fullest point.
Accessorize.
Go to the light.
Follow this procedure to paint:.
Undergo surgery.
Exfoliate your feet with a pumice stone or foot file.
Select a hairstyle that minimizes your hair volume.
Notice where your patches end.
Remove any old nail polish.
Keep your age in mind.
Convert old shirts into rags or work clothes.
Remember, when it comes to makeup, less is more!.
Rinse your hair clean.
Pick a hat with a prominent brim.
Tan your legs to look slimmer and hide any blemishes.
Get immediate care for broken skin or scaling.
Buy a suit made with UV-protective material if you'll be swimming outside.
Glue the cut pieces of paper onto your upper eyelid.
Place the rolled-up pad in the disposal bag and seal the bag.
Use fancy stones or beads or any stickers to decorate your bracelet.
Talk to your doctor about ETS surgery as a last-ditch measure.
Target your waist with exercises for your obliques.
Visit a doctor if you see signs of infection.
Don't forget a bag.
Create a wavy style the day after washing your hair.
Make a business casual look by wearing chinos.
Dress modestly.
Wash the outside of the piercing with antibacterial soap once daily.
Minimize your exposure to sunlight.
Make a salt, flour, and vinegar paste for an all-natural deep clean.
Try an injectable.
Stick with swimsuits made from durable materials.
Do not wax for at least 4 weeks before your laser hair removal.
Repeat the pattern of your second row a few more times.
Use a unique or brightly colored suitcase to pick yours out.
Hang a rope or string in an airy space.
Use both hands to hold the overlapping corner against the overlapped edge.
Rinse your hair with apple cider vinegar.
Slide the figure-8 over 2 fingers or 2 pencils.
Massage the palms of your hands.
Get your hair trimmed every 10-12 weeks to manage dry ends.
Try a chemical peel.
Consume more antioxidants to fight inflammation and free radical damage.
Using a one-inch curling iron, curl the front section in a backward sweep piece by piece.
Create a paste from the seeds.
Dye the shorts.
Moisturize your hair.
Slip inside each boot to be stored.
Start with a professional haircut to give yourself the best possible starting point for long, healthy hair.
Make your henna powder into a henna paste for use by following the above steps.
Take the 25x10cm pieces.
Make a loop in the other end of each wire.
Adopt proper posture.
Go over the black lines with dark and light green.
Wear heels to dress up your romper for a fun event or night on the town.
Seal your nails with a gel top coat and cure them for 2-3 minutes.
Shave when re-growth becomes noticeable.
Loosen the tongue.
Don't abuse your hair.
Wash your face every day, preferably twice.
Pretend to be someone else for a little while.
Keep your legs warm with a pair of tights.
Pour melted soap scraps into molds to make new bar soap.
Shave in the direction of your hair to prevent razor bumps.
Add simple jewelry if your style is understated.
Attach it to the C or S clip of your bracelet or one of the bands of the bracelet.
Grab your hair spray, and do a quick spritz all over your hair.
Do strength training exercises.
Always wear a shirt.
Create a chic, head-to-toe black ensemble around your jacket.
Hold the camera above your eye level.
Don't forget shoes.
Buy sexy undergarments.
Freeze a bag of water inside your shoes.
Apply some eyeliner to your eyes, but don't create a wing as Carrie doesn't seem to have a feline flick very often.
Clean your clothes separately from other items for the first 2-3 washes.
Rinse the whole thing out!.
Trim your hair every six weeks.
Lay a second tab half on top of the first tab so that the coinciding holes overlap.
Go shopping and pick up some clothes and accessories.
Research several jewelers before deciding where to purchase your amethyst.
Select a nice blouse.
Eat eggs.
Run your fingers through your hair to tousle it.
Switch to either a microfiber towel or a t-shirt.
Add indents around the bases using the earring findings.
Pair the dhoti with the right garments.
Repeat.
Trim any long hairs you might have missed, and you’re done!.
Repeat the straining, grinding process until the water is brownish-orange.
Dress appropriately.
Beware sub-par packaging.
Avoid heavy cosmetics or creams.
Pick jewelry that matches your eye color.
Try a different designer brand if Hermès is too much right now.
Now use the medium brown on the crease, but only from the outside stopping halfway in the crease.
Place the upper hoop on top, and tighten it.
Wear your favorite print or color.
Correct duck-feet with a hip rotation stretch.
Boost volume with dry shampoo instead.
Let the powder sit on overnight.
Massage their face and scalp with your fingers.
Apply the vitamin C cream to see effects.
Fasten the cummerbund using the buckle at the back.
Deal with breakage.
Start with dry, unwashed hair.
Visualize a line going down the middle of the cardigan.
Try astringents.
Clean out a nail polish bottle.
Try a mini skirt to add length to your legs.
Wait for Uber to determine your location.
Pull the needle inside of the shirt to knot the thread.
Allow your hair to set until it is completely cool.
Stay alert at all times.
Pick an eyeliner that blends with your skin.
Pull up any creases along the side of your mouth with the device and hold them in place.
Spray the specific areas of the denim with hot water.
Ask about cryosurgery.
Style your Hair.
Keep in mind any medications you are taking.
Add a layer of gel topcoat.
Use an OTC depilatory only if it’s listed for use on genitals.
Store the lotion.
Take out your favorite shade of lipstick.
Use a claw clip to easily pull your hair back.
Mix up a bowl of shampoo and water to create a little bubble bath.
Play up your eyebrows for a bold look.
Check the inside.
Be clean!.
Decorate your false lashes according to your taste.
Let the boots dry for 2 hours before applying another coat.
Layer on some jewelry to bring your look to the next level.
Clean the individual stones 1 by 1 with your cotton swab.
Add a belt to the black dress.
Skinny Jeans: Many luxury denim lines now make skinny jeans that taper and fit like leggings.
Buy directly from a Versace store or outlet.
Use a soft toothbrush or Q-Tip.
Apply gel when working with sectioned hairstyles.
Place your shirt face down on a flat surface.
Match your belt to the rest of your outfit.
Opt for a colorful powder when using neutral eyeshadow tones.
Create more than two dots.
Rub the oil off with a paper towel.
Store your expensive shoes in their boxes and older shoes on a shoe rack.
Use shampoos and conditioners made for color-treated hair.
Wash the mixture off your feet with water, and then dry your feet.
Turn the dress inside out.
Find your body accent.
Pour some nail polish remover onto a cotton ball or dip the ball into the remover, and gently wipe it across the entire nail.
Use coconut oil to make hair silky.
Wear white and cream together.
Avoid using tape or ace bandages to bind your skin.
Shoes and socks.
Add a blazer to dress your outfit up for a date night.
Select leather, satin, or lace to dress things up.
Review the comments left by buyers.
Stitch the hem.
Trace along the edge of your beard to create a trimmed look.
Weave some style into your look with the woven braid.
Wear wedge boots with a dress and a long coat.
Reduce the amount of times that you get your hair cut.
Rinse the face wash off.
Pour the oil into the mixture and stir until it makes the entire mixture moist.
Use a safety pin to hold your sleeve in place if it doesn’t stay rolled up.
Picture your ideal simple alternative look.
Hot glue the silk flowers to the top edges of the umbrella.
Use about 1 to 2 tablespoons in the bath.
Add two small drops of Tea Tree Oil to the mixture, using a small dropper.
Choose high-cut palazzo pants for a flattering, relaxed fit.
Wear a long scarf to lengthen your body.
Rub a mixture of 2/3 vinegar and 1/3 warm water into the hair.
Keep the sun off your neck.
Rub leather conditioner into the boots.
Consider dyeing your hair.
Find a good top coat and gently brush it over your completely dry, painted nails.
Now switch on the engraving machine and launch the engraving software.
Dry with a hairdryer.
Wear interesting jewelry to attract attention to your neck or your ears instead of your hair.
Wear sneakers with your T-shirt dress for a relaxed, day look.
Crochet around the first bead.
Never stray from the school premises.
Wear shoes that accentuate your legs and make them look longer.
Try using a lightening shampoo when you wash your hair.
Layer with a vest.
Consider using an air conditioner in the room you will be wearing your blanket sleeper in.
Wear your jeans with boots.
Spread the mask evenly over your face.
Apply the first coat of mascara to your lashes.
Add height with heels or wedges.
Keep things simple when you’re wearing bright green pants.
Repeat the above process until the sides are as shiny as you need.
Use curl-enhancing hair products.
Have good nails.
Wear a swimsuit that you feel good in to give yourself a confidence boost.
Review each item on your 'to-do' list and make sure that you are working on both important-but not urgent items as well as urgent items.
Stir the ingredients with a spoon or fork.
Set your budget.
Top stitch the handle all around.
Let the clothes soak in a fixative for 1 hour.
Spread a thin layer of leather repair compound onto the repaired area.
Maintain good hygiene by showering daily.
Use it to create a subtle brow tint.
See a dermatologist or aesthetician.
Gently move both sides back onto your back.
Place plastic bag (medium-sized with no holes)or cling wrap over your hair so that it covers it completely.
Wear a bra if you think you need one!.
Find sales and deals.
Consider using a blow dryer on a longer beard.
Make a fruit tincture.
Purchase hair products with shea butter, olive oil, argan oil, or coconut oil.
Pull hair into a ponytail, using an elastic band to keep it loosely in place.
Choose analogous colors.
Have hygienic periods by changing tampons and wearing clean underwear.
If you want you can box the bottom by measuring up 2 inches (5.1 cm) and creating a triangle measure in 2 inches (5.1 cm) sew across the diagonal.
Strain the fenugreek oil and put it into a storage bottle.
Walk the walk.
Be proud if you have a larger chest than other girls, but don't show off too much.
Put dark eyeshadow and liner on the inner corners of wide set eyes.
Try a waterfall braid.
Fold the strip lengthwise and sew ⁄4 inch (0.64 cm) along the edge.
Accessorize your look with cufflinks and jewelry.
Spread a generous amount of the Mod Podge onto the flat side of the cabochon (just cleaned).
Cover the area with one of the enclosed strips.
Try padded underwear for an instant bubble butt.
Pin your hair down, following the curve of your head.
Place the cardstock square onto the work surface.
Create a smoky eye.
Test your squeeze bottle.
Buy the paints and brushes you want.
Keep your boots dry.
Measure ½” from your center bead.
Set aside to cool to room temperature.
Work quickly.
Choose a shrug to wear.
Decide what you want.
Try colored hair gel for wilder styles.
Blow dry your shortest layers (below the ears) with just the blow dryer in a downwards motion, combing through the hair with either your fingers or a brush.
Loop the end of your hair between the tied back strands.
Soak the fenugreek seeds in water.
Avoid picking at your polish.
Stitch up the two sides of the fabric piece.
Sweep highlighter onto your brow bones.
Wait for the spirit gum to dry fully.
Braid your hair to disguise dirty hair completely.
Cut out the butterfly designs.
Keep camel pants casual with flats.
Cut your fabric triangle.
Have dental hygiene.
Get the right equipment.
When all else fails, simply wait.
Compare the colour and pigmentation of different brands.
Sort through your old clothes to remove any stained or ripped items.
Try a liquid metal pressed eyeshadow.
Stock up on sneakers.
Wear a sleeveless top under your vest if you want to flaunt your arms.
Get some candles if you'd like to add some ambience.
Rinse the mask off.
If you are wearing glasses or sunglasses.
Link the hangers together through the eye hooks.
Use a tie hanger for ties.
Read reviews before buying.
Throw on a robe to step outside when you aren’t dressed yet.
Measure for stitching.
Skip long, hot showers and baths.
Choose a pair that’s snug when you first try them on.
Paint the hat first.
Apply a small amount of curling gel to the first section.
Pull the fabric inside out through the small gap so that the right side of the fabric is now facing out.
Massage your scalp with your fingers for better circulation.
Use a small, rounded smudging brush to create a smokey eye look.
Wrap a strand of hair around the flexi-rod.
Know that white hairs are mainly due to genetics.
Let the jacket air-dry overnight.
Use “damage repair” conditioner if your hair is extremely dry and frizzy.
Wipe from front to back after going to the bathroom.
Fill the choice of bag with your bath materials.
Wear loose clothing.
Realize what the wearer's height and weight is as you look at the size chart on the company's site.
Be confident!.
Try a sculpted pixie cut if you want to bring dimension to your face.
Lay out your sweater.
Do not over-style your hair.
Add a brooch to dress up your turtleneck.
Wear as a side-slit dress.
Determine your “personal uniform.” Part of your clothes-buying problem may be that you buy clothes that you think you like but you never actually wear because they are not at all you.
Take vitamin C. Taking vitamin C supplements may help to support healing of ringworm scars because vitamin C is essential for wound healing.
Apply 1 of the strips to your skin.
Avoid letting ESD-sensitive items touch your clothes.
Clean out the clothes in your existing closet.
Experiment with other spices to alter the shade.
Get some rest.
Choose dark clothing for a flattering look.
Stir in 1.5 tablespoons (22 mL) each of 2-3 of your favorite oils.
Clip your nails.
Get to know the best places to buy clothes.
Paint your nails with regular nail polish.
Follow proper toilet etiquette.
Get a 5 to 6-ounce (150 to 180-milliliter spray bottle.
Decide what your aims are.
Mix all of the ingredients (except the essential oils) in a saucepan over very low heat until melted.
If you cannot travel, don't give up.
Try whitening toothpaste.
Apply a moisturizing cream to your face.
Leave the mask on for 15 minutes.
Secure the braid with a hair tie.
Rinse off the Nair in a test patch.
Apply your first color.
Start with day-old hair.
Prepare your dress shirt for folding.
Sew the lining back up by top-stitching the opening closed.
Eat lots of healthy fats.
Read reviews to figure out if a product is worth purchasing.
Hang the item up in an open area and let it air-dry.
Fold one side of the cardigan in toward the center line.
Increase your intake of zinc and iron to promote new cell production.
Tie an overhand knot about 2 inches (5.1 cm) from the end.
Rinse the remaining toothpaste off with cold water and dry your rings.
Roll the gasket back over the material and wrap masking tape around it.
Place the oats in the blender.
Dry your hair with a blow dryer while shaping it for a stronger hold.
Walk on cardboard and make sure you have a clear print of your foot.
Buy an item only when it needs to be replaced.
Cut off the excess wire from the pin with the pliers.
Fold in the top and the bottom and top-stitch 1/8 around the handles and the bag.
Limit how often you style your hair with heat to keep your locks healthy.
Determine your skin tone and undertone before you choose eyeshadow colors.
Create lather in shaving bowl.
An athletic cup is very important for both male and female players and is required of players under the age of 18.
Lay the bras flat on a towel or drying rack and let them air dry.
Find a color or pattern you love.
Using a twist clip to make a bun.
Invest in tweezers.
Put business cards in a separate business card holder if you use them.
Take your dark orange eyeshadow and fill in everything that isn't gold, and  be sure to blend the colors together or you'll see the lines and it won't look as good.
Tap Request.
When your purse is dry, come back and look through your objects.
Get your eyebrows tinted for a semi-permanent option.
Have your keys with you, even if you don't think you will use them.
Follow your doctor’s orders.
Watch for sales.
Trim your butt hair using an electric clipper.
Limit the amount of sugar you eat.
Buy some butt-lifting jeans.
Determine if icing is the right remedy.
Choose the right bikini for your shape.
Apply toothpaste and tomato juice to brighten your face.
Use a little bit of soft lotion of your eyelids.
Do not overwhelm yourself.
Do not blow dry your hair completely.
Do marching hip raises.
Reach lightweight objects overhead with a grabber, hook, or tongs.
Find something white-colored to dye.
Insert the ring into the piercing.
Massage between your fingers.
Dust your feet frequently with non-medicated baby powder or foot powder.
Pair your jeans and boots with a neutral top.
Let the color remover process for 1 hour.
Prepare and stitch the two back pockets.
Paint the gap with your choice of nail polish.
Make a small hair bow.
Mix with oil or honey.
Using the egg yolk as a toner  massage evenly onto your face and let harden.
Form an overhand knot using the grey paracord it self and pass through the orange paracord tip through it.
Decorate the turban with a small cluster of flowers.
Add the drawstring.
Add 1½ to 2 inches (3.81 to 5.08 centimeters) to your length measurements.
Cut two pieces of wool felt, twice the height of your phone, and 2 centimeter (0.8 in) wider.
Assuming you've decided to model the clay into the shape of a dragonfly, do the following:.
Pat the powder puff onto your face, making sure your give your face an even coverage.
Draw patterns on your nails.
Apply a nude (skin-toned) lipstick or lip tint to your lips (Carrie doesn't seem to have very bold lip colours).
Opt for a thicker moisturizer if you have dry skin.
Buff your nails.
Opt for flats for a more formal look.
Compare your measurements to a size chart.
Fold the puff in half for small or narrow areas.
Apply the soap to your body from the neck down.
Shave your legs and get them a tan!.
Color is key.
Include "first aid" things like band-aids, Kleenex, and medicine.
Find ways to occupy your hands.
Take a medium grey eyeshadow and gently spread it over the rest of your eye.
Control rapid change in body size.
Consider adding highlights.
Try a medicated cream to reduce inflammation.
Pull the bottom end of the string to unwind it.
Allow the paste to sit for 10 minutes.
Pack your clothing.
Apply moisturizer to your hands.
Slick it back for men.
Wash your pillowcases.
Dry the glasses with a microfiber cloth.
Comb your eyebrows.
Smile as often as possible.
Realize when your teeth need extra attention.
Use a steam iron and a cloth to press the bottom of the pants with plenty of steam.
Show kindness to others.
Tie a central portion of your hair into a thick braid.
Resist itching.
These items will help you dearly: 1.).
Start with a small section.Grab a piece of your hair from one side your part, near the part itself.
Keep the design wrapped overnight or for at least 12 hours.
Apply mascara generously.
Stay out of the sun at peak times.
Don’t compare yourself to co-workers.
Go to a professional piercer.
Break out the accessories.
Get a makeup remover.
Spray some hairspray over your braids to help them stay in place.
Wash your hair only 2-3 times per week.
Use castor oil.
Walk with shorter steps.
Use your hair dryer!.
Don't ever accept a ride from anyone!.
Combine the water, oil, wax, and glycerin.
Have your face measured to determine what size frames you need.
Add a necktie to your dress shirt to complete a glamorous outfit.
Add your highlighter.
Dip a clean toothbrush into your mixture and scrub your shoes.
Flatter her when you like a certain piece.
Hold the retainer properly.
Remove your makeup each night.
Align the flap over the pocket.
Ensure that hair is clean and damp.
Add the baking soda.
Try natural mineral foundation.
Throw out nail polish after a couple of years.
Exfoliate your lips every three days.
Pour 3 ⁄2 cups (830 ml) of oil in the slow cooker.
Apply a facial mask.
Use your hand to approximate your waist circumference.
Make the most of your hair, it's a girls best accessory!.
Regularly look at your back in a full-length mirror to ensure that you feel ready to show it off.
Use eye makeup carefully.
Choose a deep conditioner.
Fold a few more shirts if you want to get faster.
Use a matte black eye shadow and contour your crease and carefully apply to the outer third of your lower lash line.
Congratulations you have just engraved your first inside ring!.
Use your fingertips to massage the oil gently over closed eyelids.
Weave the strand in and out of the pin.
Play with an animal that you love.
Cover your workspace with newspaper or a drop cloth.
Wake up your Apple Watch's screen.
Check for disinfecting capacity.
Try a tint remover on your hands.
Do this twice a week.
Blend with a sponge.
Paint your nails.
Glue on sequins one at a time with a small dab of hot glue.
Keep it moisturized.
Fold up the hem of your T-shirt sleeve.
Decide how short to crop your hoodie.
Wear a pair of ankle boots for a classy look.
Have quality classics.
Apply a simple pen drawing.
Make 2 little spiral hooks on the both ends of the wire.
Add a chunky scarf or heavy knit beanie to your outfit.
Try a halter style bra.
Wrap rubber band around the hose to hold the nylon in place.
Remove most of the water from your legs with a damp washcloth.
Remember the key to this effect is drawing attention to the face.
That's all you need for a girly purse, all you need now is to put the normal accessories such as mobile phone and wallet back in your purse.
Try some light sun exposure.
Ask your dentist about fluoride varnish and fissure sealants.
Let your hips swing.
Allow the section to process.
Eat healthy, yummy foods.
Look for a 4-2 pattern of horned bumps.
Substitute olive oil for other types of oil.
Consider taking a multivitamin to increase your body's nutrients.
Tie a long-sleeved flannel around your waist for a laid-back vibe.
Use a spotless, clean workspace.
When walking, keep your feet pointed as straight as you can.
Combine 1/4 cup (56.7 g) of emulsifying wax with 1/4 cup (56.7 ml) of olive oil in a glass liquid measuring cup.
Add fresh or dried parsley.
Get some new makeup.
Determine what type of hair you have.
Open the clips and slide them into the upper portion of your hair.
Consider switching to contacts.
Compare the promises of different products.
Take care of your personal hygiene.
Make small hair bows with no bobby pins.
Search the web for wallpapers that has monthly calendars or you can scan or design your own.
Apply a clear topcoat.
Opt for statement earrings for a glamorous look.
Determine what you are doing that is affecting the problem.
Cut out a patch at least 1 inch (2.5 cm) larger on all sides than the hole.
Wear a blazer or long coat to cover up.
Add the finishing touches.
Pull the left side of the middle band down, over the bottom band.
See if your footprint curves decidedly inward, making the middle of your foot look very skinny.
Turn shoe soles into stepping stones for your garden.
Receive a nail bed graft if you’ve lost a portion of your nail bed.
Fold the elastic over to the front and zigzag stitch it along the bottom.
Wrap the bandana around your head and secure it with a knot.
Press the start/stop button on the side of the watch.
Crush up some cacao nibs.
Remove the gel nails by peeling or filing.
Eat breakfast, brush your teeth well and floss.
Keep makeup simple.
Apply moisturizer after washing your face to keep skin hydrated.
Massage your hair.
Choose a wrap.
Remove hair dye from bathtubs, tiles, and grout using diluted bleach.
Use medical treatments for psoriasis.
Rinse the jewelry well.
Wear a blazer vest for a fashion-forward outfit.
Next buy some salt, if you don't already have some.
Put D rings on all the belt loops to maximize strap possibilities, also attach them along the outer side seams.
You should now have a rectangular white workspace area, on a yellow background on your screen.
Cut a piece of elastic 1 inch (2.5 cm) longer than the waistline.
Wash the clothes in your washing machine and dryer.
Let sit for a few hours until it has cooled down.
Repeat this method if you have not obtained the desired results.
Wipe and scrub the solution onto the pine pitch.
Pull more hair from each side of the head before repeating the pattern.
Place the fabric into a sealed container.
Fold heavier shirts over the top portion of a hanger to store them.
Create another angled section and cut it using the same technique.
Attach the lower tie about halfway down the back of the skirt.
Check the Stitching.
Try raw potato.
Avoid storing your glasses in the cold weather.
Massage your eyelids to stimulate their growth.
See your doctor if you have a mole or spot that is dark or growing.
Dye with tea or coffee.
Apply the powder to your roots.
Have your hair re-dyed.
Wear your jacket.
Avoid direct sunlight for outdoor photos.
Wrap the braids into buns and secure then with hair ties.
Get your hair cut regularly.
Ask your doctor about a prescription for a retinoid medication.
Use a base coat.
Store sweaters carefully during summer months.
Transfer the mixture into a glass jar and let it cool.
Make sure that your ring fits!.
Lay the T-shirt so it’s sideways and smooth it out with your hands.
Wear pantyhose to make your figure look smoother and thinner.
Use essential oils for aromatherapy.
You don't necessarily need nail polish remover to get rid of the varnish on your skin.
Put a blazer or suit jacket over top of your shirt for a more stylized look.
Recognize that there’s no medical or hygiene reason for removing hair.
Research crafty ideas for repurposing shoes.
Get a good pair of black pants.
Check your sweater in an hour and restretch it, if necessary.
Start by acquiring different pieces of different styles.
Skip using a waist trainer while working out.
Attach the motor to the brace.
Know what lip augmentation involves.
When you wake up, take out the bun, or ponytail, or braid.
Apply a medium thick layer of the pack onto your face and neck.
Have a professional repair the squeaky shoes.
With right sides together, fold the fabric in half.
Ignore the myth that shaving your beard will make it grow back thicker.
Practice good oral hygiene.
Join any free rewards programs offered by your favorite brands or stores.
Carry a whimsical purse to dress down a business-style dress.
Have the needed height.
Use leather protector spray to keep your moccasins safe from the elements.
Wash your inserts after each use.
Always have breakfast.
Consider microdermabrasion.
Target garage sales.
Wash the pot with a mild dish soap and water.
Rinse your face with cold water.
Read through your instructions.
Fill in your eyebrows with eyebrow powder.
Run one piece of wire through one earring and attach it to the hook.
Start off the main sandal top.
Fill a spray bottle with warm water, then spray water onto a clean, soft polishing cloth.
Rinse your necklace with cold water.
Find a flattering shift dress to conceal your curves.
Take a look at the three places (other than home) you frequent most.
Choose a hose nozzle from your vacuum cleaner.
Grooming to enhance your glasses.
Gather your hair to the very top of your head into a ponytail.
Keep yourself motivated.
Apply an over-the-counter cream to help heal cold sores.
Apply according to product directions.
Pair leather leggings and heels with an extra-long black coat for serious glam.
Create a mask.
Check the waxing kit to make sure it has everything you need.
Make a "princess crown.".
Try changing your hair color – the same haircut may look better if you have bright red, crazy looking hair instead of boring dark/white.
Use olive oil.
Brush your dry hair thoroughly.
Braid the two smaller chunks of hair in front of your shoulders and secure them with thin hair ties at the ends of the hair.
Clean scratches on discs.
Use a comb to smooth your hair back and distribute the pomade.
Add 1 teaspoon of liquid aloe vera.
Wash your pillowcase at least once a week.
Half-cuff your skinny jeans for a casual look.
Smooth your body out completely by not wearing underwear.
Clean the bottle.
Wear a T-shirt turban to keep your curls from getting flattened or dented.
Separate egg yolk from egg white.
Finish with a hair dryer for special occasions.
Repeat the knotting process with the second cord.
Look into a mirror as you apply the dye and keep your hands steady.
Repeat until happy with results.
Check the dress regularly for uneven shrinkage.
Use lemons.
Use your current pair of glasses as a size reference.
To apply, rub a small amount anywhere you would like.
Wrap one half of your ponytail repeatedly around the sock bun.
Wear a waterproof watch if you have one.
Keep pieces that you wear every day out in the open.
Zip your hoodie up all the way and put the hood up.
Take your hair out and dry with towel.
Have the person lay down flat on their stomach.
Wait 1 minute before brushing the excess glitter off.
Choose a satin finish eyeshadow in a warm, neutral color, such as cream, tan, beige or taupe.
Exfoliate your skin with a honey-and-oatmeal yogurt mask.
Once you have drafted the original pattern length, continue ruling each seam along the the existing slope.
Don’t rely on belts.
Coordinate animal prints with neutral colored scarves.
Dust the same colour you used for your brows onto your eyelids, creating a mini wing towards your eyebrows.
Lighten and strengthen nails using lemon juice.
Throw out the freebie 'Barbie-size' blush brush that comes with the blush.
Tease your ponytail in more than one section.
Turn an old shoe into a planter.
Gather ripe plant materials to make natural dyes.
Add a belt tip to your cotton webbing belt.
Wear athletic shoes designed for your sport.
Boil parsley to draw impurities out of your skin.
Apply Vaseline around your nails.
Pour 1 tsp coconut oil and ½ tsp baby shampoo directly into the container.
Tap My Watch.
Wait for the water to cool off and then strain the water in a colander.
Don’t use lipstick you think may be expired.
Consult a friend or salesperson.
Use collagen-enhancing products on your skin.
Your favorite lip-gloss.
Try an internal tracking device to find your bags without a smartphone.
Leave the sachet in for 5 minutes.
Dab the wet dye off with warm water and cotton pads.
Touch up your edges by applying some styling gel with a toothbrush.
Sew down the side of your glove.
Cut out a 100 centimeter (39.4 in) long Korea Cotton Wax Cord and fold it into four bounds, three equal-length strands and one short section to wrap them together.
Look for cropped palazzo pants for a modern take on this style.
Watch a professional use a machine first.
Wear dark coloured pants as this helps smooth out the look and makes you instantly look slimmer.
Comb the sides of your hair, if needed.
Put on an undershirt no matter what style of top you choose.
Find a simple cocktail dress for an option that is more versatile.
Wear the bracelet.
Choose a light coat to avoid coat check.
Pour white conditioner into a container.
Use pops of color in your shoes or jewelry to brighten up your look.
Shop online to find vendors that serve all ages.
Brush on mascara.
Work gel into your hair.
Let the etching compound sit for about 5 minutes.
If you choose to put some small makeup bags in, consider putting in a couple of pads, tampons, liners, wipes and a hand sanitizer  so that you can quickly grab it without having to fill it with supplies when you are in a rush to get somewhere.
Tease your hair with your fingers.
Wear your wallet and feel secure that no one will be able to grab your wallet when it's attached to you with a chain.
Stand on a flat surface or sit on a sturdy chair.
Apply a strong toothpaste such as Sensodyne or Colgate to your spots and leave it on overnight for spot treatment.
Use the calendar wallpaper as your desktop image.
Clean your comb every other month.
Rinse with flat beer.
Use an over-the-door hanger to store scarves and accessories.
Keep notes for future reference when having custom shoe work done.
Wash the mask off.
Moisturize your face to keep your skin hydrated.
Pick the right towel.
Dry with paper towels.
Prepare your dye as directed by the manufacturer.
Cut off the legs of an old pair or jeans at about mid thigh.
Use jewelry to brighten up the little black dress.
Wash your weave with clarifying shampoo, then rinse it with water.
Moisturize your feet every day.
Return to the dressing area when done.
Repeat Step 4.
Login and give Remember the Milk authorization to post to these accounts.
Let her try on whatever she likes.
Get a diagnosis to confirm that what you have is a keloid scar.
Sit the jar on a flat surface so it can cool and harden up.
Run your fingers through your hair to loosen the curls.
Continue wrapping all the way around your head.
Report any local counterfeiters to the police.
Cleanse your face with a cleanser which is less foam.
Check the buckles: Real will have the highest quality of brass or nickel, while a fake has plastic, polished hardware and or nicked or dented hardware.
Flip the single layer of fabric away and out from the fabric below.
Take a warm shower and wash your face to prep your skin.
Opt for flared palazzo pants if you have a pear body shape.
Just remember you are beautiful no matter how modest you are!.
Use gentle and mild products: You should get your daughter mild products to take care of their skin including facial wash/mild soap, small towel, toner, moisturizing cream, acne treatment (in case she gets acne), in addition to a sunscreen because girls at this age tend to play outdoors under direct sunlight.
Make a super-simple mask with just honey.
Go right when the mall opens or closes.
Make an appointment if you notice signs of gum disease.
Avoid shoulder pads and other shoulder details.
Brush off the excess paint.
Wash your sheets once a week.
Select some medium wire (16-20 gauge) and fine wire (24-26 gauge).
Move right to left as you work and pull the remaining stitches out.
Protect your hair from drying and sun damage.
Apply another pea-sized amount to create additional volume.
Make your education important.
For dry hair try curling or straightening it!.
Check the tag for specific drying instructions.
Repeat every night after daily makeup removal routine and then apply normal moisturiser for a fresh feeling and clear, soft skin.
Try new makeup looks to draw attention to your face.
Wear your most stylish and comfortable shoes.
Reduce your stress to prevent hair loss and insomnia.
Choose nude tights if you want your legs to appear bare.
Cut up an old skirt to make a cape or toga.
Go with fitted dark jeans to look polished and dressy.
Comb through your bangs and measure down to where you need to cut.
Do it yourself.
After dry, take a large bristle brush and brush out any knots in them.
Have a clear idea of the look you want.
Apply the relaxer cream to each beard section with disposable gloves.
If you have dry skin, put on Vaseline or skin cream and wear gloves on  cold days.
Use a diffuser.
Add 4 drops of rosemary, 3 drops of eucalyptus and 2 drops of peppermint essential oils to the mix.
Replace the spray after 2 years.
Get your ingredients.
Go to smartspot.com, and also check out the new food pyramid.
Use Vaseline as the base.
Buy a kit from your local pharmacy that has "Texturizer" or "No-Lye Relaxer" as the label.
Check the Upper Logo.
Talk to your doctor about supplements.
Repeat two or three more times.
Brush your teeth at least twice a day and floss at night before bed.
Pick your color: any color you want your hair to be!.
Allow your child to have a say in choosing their own shoes.
Keep putting glasses on them.
Try the classic jeans-and-T-shirt look with your favorite type of denim.
Set up a garment rack in your room.
Look closely at the stitching.
Continue curling your hair.
Add shine to natural hair.
Grow your hair long to the inside of your part.
Pack musical entertainment.
Put clothes in the following categories: looks good and fits, would look great if it fit, and never looked great but is almost new.
Look for onion-skin-type layers.
Have laser hair removal.
Meet with a registered fur buyer to sell your pelts.
Enjoy the perfume.
Don't try to rub off red lipstick (which makes it smear across your mouth — not so sexy).
Pull your hair back.
Once you get out, pat the area dry very lightly with a clean, soft towel.
Reduce facial redness by mixing equal parts of egg yolk (no whites) and lemon juice.
Wrap the turban around the back of your head.
Wrap the loose end of the saree and drape right to left.
Put lead tape into the hem of your curtain, if possible.
Turn on the Wave.
Use massage as preventative treatment.
Set the dryer's timer and temperature controls, and start the dryer.
Buy some specialized socks.
Massage on a baking soda paste.
Use a moisturizing shampoo and conditioner.
If you are still having trouble choosing, go to the bath store and ask one of the workers for extra advice on which one is best.
Take some time to think about who you are.
Cut the shoelace or ribbon to about a foot (30.5 cm) long.
Wear protective clothing.
Follow up with a clinician if you find a major discrepancy.
Determine if special grooming is necessary.
Vacuum and wipe-down the storage area to keep the cashmere clean.
Don't shampoo your hair every day, especially if it is curly.
Twist your hair.
Add a pair of sunglasses to finish off the look.
Consider your color palette.
Match the width of the tie to your body frame to complement your shape.
Stand with one foot on the paper, the heel against the wall.
Gently shave your legs.
Try dyeing your hair with Kool-Aid.
Smile, but not too widely.
Avoid metals in favor of leather or beaded jewelry.
Treasure baby shower gifts.
Measure from the front inseam to the waist in order to find the front rise.
Press the button again once you are done using the chronograph.
Shake the shoes to see if any sequins are loose or coming off.
Grab boy short underwear if you have a larger backside.
Sew them onto the base.
Give your head and shoulders shade.
Use pockets to flatter your behind.
Crush up some asprin with a little bit of water, it'll reduce the itch and swelling of the razor burn.
Apply your foundation.
Combine good design and colour choice, materials, that you find most suitable, and buy a great pyjama for a great present.
Paint  your nails.
Buy designer if you can afford it, but don't go overboard.
Repeat the first part of the process.
Stuff tampons and rolled up pads into clean, empty travel mugs.
Make sure your skin is clean and free of blemishes and injury.
Run some product through your hair.
Use a shade of chocolate brown and apply it to your outer V on your top lid.
Pour the wax beans into a microwave-safe glass or bowl.
Wash your face and apply moisturizer.
Try a feminine look with dainty, shiny pieces.
Sew a 1/4" seam along the not-folded long edge and one of the short edges.
To stay safe, go dark.
Dry shoes completely before attacking any stains.
Pull the pen or pencil gently, tucking it under the strand so it's secure.
Apply sunscreen and use makeup that contains sunscreen.
Substitute a large swath of fabric for a blanket scarf.
Power on the device and place the tips beneath your lip center.
Don’t be afraid to wear creative accessories.
Decide whether to wear shoulder pads.
Finishing- To protect your wood from water/sweat damage, I suggest using polyurethane or another kind of wood finish to protect the wood.
Massage the back of each hand.
Use a serger to secure the edge.
Sand away squeaking caused by shoe tongues.
Sports massage is a localized form of Swedish massage.
Say no to turtlenecks.
Using rubber bands, pull and twist the T-shirt around to create a warped shape.
Give your skin time to get used to glycolic acid.
Turn the bag inside out.
Put a warm towel over it, and tie it in a turban.
Skip shampoo completely.
Work with slimming and solid colors.
Massage the Wave on your face in circular motions.
Iron the fabric you'll be using if it's wrinkly.
Combine a 1:1 ratio of the 2 hair dyes together.
Use a plastic spoon or wooden spatula to create a paste.
Rub a lemon over your face for a gentle peel.
Consider therapeutic plastic surgery if your concerns about body odor have become overwhelming.
Grab a section of hair at the top.
Use a v-neck sweater to create a more formal appearance.
Repeat the process for the right strand.
Foster healthy relationships.
Massage a cream that contains retinol and vitamin C into your stomach.
Arrive a little early before the party begins.
Remove the straws while your hair is still slightly damp.
Bring cash.
Iron rubber or plastic logos and peel them off by hand.
See your doctor if you notice signs of infection in your scalp.
Master group shots.
Snag the right bag.
Let your hair set for the recommended amount of time.
Wear large earrings.
Get a healthy tan.
Wash the fabric in warm water.
Avoid touching your hair during the day.
Gather all of your hair into a high ponytail.
Tape 1 end of your bracelet to the inside of your wrist.
Take a slightly shorter measurement for an untucked shirt.
Don't go at night.
Materials: Wood and something for the thongs.
Ask to see the piercer's portfolio.
Trim your hair to eliminate split ends.
Subscribe to podcasts.
Take 1b and knot it with 2b, 3b, and 4b.
Style Chacos with a sweatshirt and jeans when you’re feeling cozy.
Cut your hair very short.
If the type you like comes in multiple colours, you can choose the right coloured one for you.
Buy timeless ensembles that flatter your figure.
Walk about the store in each of the shoes to get a feel for their fit.
Massage egg into your scalp.
Connect the hook and eye you have attached.
Drink a homemade ginger tea to fight bad breath.
Tell someone about the problem.
Attach the paperclip to the loop at the top, then attach the paperclip to something fairly sturdy.
Be confident - confidence is the sexiest thing you can have.
Add in the avocado oil and vegetable glycerin and continue blending.
Store as outlined under "Tips".
Lather more thickly on each section of your face.
Pull off the lashes from the outer corner.
Create a natural look.
For every fifth wash of the pearls, they'll need something a little stronger than simply a dampened cloth.
Consider alternative materials.
Keep in mind that treatment takes time.
Get a good quality, good sized duffel bag to hold everything.
Begin waxing your first brow.
Smooth the upper edge of the black eyeshadow toward your eyebrow.
Splash cold water on cuts.
Don’t be afraid to use natural herbs!.
Apply a bit of turpentine to the inside of the shoe behind the stained area.
Lather soap efficiently.
Transfer socks from boiling water into the dryer.
Avoid touching or playing with the piercing.
Use the oil after a manicure.
Take a piece of hair from the outside of the left section, roughly the same size as the first piece.
Enjoy your new Kool-Aid tie dye shirt!.
Apply a colour complementary, non-metallic colour like black or dark brown to your outer crease for a more sophisticated and smokey look.
Purchase emulsifying wax from a retailer that specializes in supplies for making homemade cosmetics.
Be social.
Wear nude underwear under white pants.
Consider girl specific items.
Discard most bottles after two years.
Use a deodorant or antiperspirant.
Practice good posture.
Use compression garments under your doctor’s supervision.
Wash and dry your jacket.
Transfer to an airtight container.
Purchase a designer watch that’s new and not resold.
Update your wardrobe with new blouses whenever can.
Enjoy your shoes.
Store your new toothpaste in a metal free jar.
Store your suede purse in a dust cover or pillow case.
Brush out tangles if needed.
Put on a pair of close-fitting pants.
Line the kids up for teeth brushing.
Check the general area.
Maintain a healthy diet.
Buy a high-quality, short wig and extra fibers.
Determine the other priorities, ranking the most important to the least important.
Avoid off shoulder tops.
Take birth control.
Make an accordion out of the two half circles.
Get some measuring spoons and measure half a cup of salt into a cup and 3/4 of a cup of Extra Virgin Olive Oil.
Contact emergency services if you take a hard fall.
Ask your dentist for help.
If it has any of the symptoms above, you should never take a piercing out as it can lead to further complications.
Get thigh guards and other protective gear if desired.
Discuss oral treatment solutions.
Repeat with the bottom lip.
Fold your sweaters.
Protect your skin from the sun.
Use a craft glue on the outer edge of the wire loop to secure the threads to the loop and prevent unraveling or loosening.
Inspect each pair of glasses for damage or flaws.
Go to different stores and ask questions.
Pick wool or fleece-lined BUFF® headwear to keep you warm.
Start on the ends of your hair.
Avoid caffeine.
Treat minor pain on your skin or around your nails.
Understand the differences in the products in relation to national studies.In August 2008, the online Journal of Investigative Dermatology reported that four moisturizers used by millions of people caused skin cancer when rubbed on mice.
Draw a vertical line along the center of piece #3.
Try different arrangements until you find one that feels and looks good.
Put the tennis shoes on.
Wrap your hair into a bun.
Use the other part of the button maker to assemble your button.
Count your breasts.
Go to a brand-name store for designer bags.
Find that 'wow' outfit!.
Tie the flannel around your waist to turn it into an accessory.
Make a list of the advantages of being tall.
Wash your hands once the polish has firmly dried.
Recommend a place that specializes in men.
Check for tag containing care instructions.
Get the right size by having your feet measured annually.
Use a blow dryer.
Use a tie tack to represent your personal style.
Let your shoes air dry before using them.
Wash your face, making sure you wipe off any dirt or old makeup.
Submerge the fabric into a bowl filled with cold water and table salt.
Now that the finger and toe nails are done, fill up a cup with milk and yogurt if you choose.
Wipe down the inner lining of your slippers with a baby wipe.
Consult a dermatologist.
Allow the slippers to air dry.
Pinch a strand of hair from the bottom portion between your fingers.
Avoid getting anything smaller than 1/4k diamond when you're proposing, even if it's just a starter right and you want to go bigger later because you're broke.
Gently massage the exfoliant into your skin using circular motions, being careful not to get any into your eyes.
Wear pseudo-athletic shoes that slip on with an open back for daily errands or for work in the garden.
Try to de-stress.
Store the dye in a clean sterilised jar or bottle.
Thread the beads.
Slice strawberries to put on your eyes.
Do not take your piercing out too early to prevent it from closing up.
Section off your hair, if desired.
Compare measurements to a size guide if the label doesn’t list them.
Buy quality, not quantity.
Pick a fabric that you find comfortable.
Rinse the toner out, then follow up with conditioner.
Fill a bathtub with 40 US gal (150 L) of water.
Use your natural smile.
Comb the rest of your hair.
Hand stitch along the edges of the circle.
Rinse the jewelry and dry it with a soft towel.
Measure from one edge to another for width.
Make a quick conditioner.
Make sure your headband fits correctly.
Put citrus on your skin.
Condition your leather.
Paint the glue around your nails.
Roll up a scarf.
Move heel to toe.
Follow all the rules/be in good standing.
You will need to choose two pieces of fabric.
Use the diffuser attachment around your head until hair is dried completely.
Put away the flat irons and curling irons.
Learn the abbreviations specific to a brand.
Add strategic volume to your roots to take weight away from the midshaft.
Separate and clip off the top two-thirds of your bangs.
When you are ready to do your next load of laundry, toss the pads in the laundry basket and wash them with your clothes.
Surround yourself with people who love themselves.
Keep your skin healthy!.
Shop wisely.
Lay the suit flat and cut off the old gasket with a pair of sharp scissors.
Wear things that have a fitted or tailored look.
When you are happy that the positioning is correct, press the "stop/start" button again, you will now have the blue surface light and the green stop/start lights will now be illuminated, you now need to pick the surface.
Rub in some lotion.
Continue moving your arms down to your sides (by your hips) as your head and shoulder blades lift off of the floor.
Fold the two sides of the fabric inwards so that the edges meet in the middle.
Pair with casual fabrics on top.
Talk to your doctor or plastic surgeon about blepharoplasty.
Pour the liquid over the lavender buds.
Cover your work area so the dye doesn't stain it.
Go clothes shopping!.
Buy clothes that fit and flatter you.
Avoid storing your druzy stones in hot or humid climates.
Eat less salt.
Stick a peeled potato in your shoes.
Lay your pants out on a flat surface.
Opt for a classic pair of ankle boots for style and versatility.
Wear belts to cinch your waistline.
Use lotion daily to keep your cuticles soft.
Pour a dime-sized amount of foundation onto your palette.
Blow-dry your hair, or wait for it to air-dry.
Don’t drive in your nice shoes.
Disinfect your pedicure tools.
Put on a pair of aviator frames to match Bob Ross.
Rub minoxidil into your scalp.
Sleep 7-9 hours each night.
Scrunch with a towel or T-shirt.
Apply the mask to wet or dry hair.
Brighten green and blue eyes with eyeliner.
Add 2-3 drops of neem or tea tree oil to your shampoo for an antibacterial treatment.
Sew the end of the Jacquard belt.
Consider taping your third and fourth toe together using skin-colored medical tape.
Pat the hair dry with a soft hair towel.
Take time to learn what suits you best.
Stick a wooden skewer through each umbrella.
Use your fashion sense to demonstrate how enhancing his/her image is easy.
Understand the waxed area might be red after the wax.
Comb the hair upward and cut it.
Take note of the lightening strength of both colors.
Tug your Spanx up high and wiggle to get them to settle into place.
Complain less.
Get some vitamin C Serum.
Rub 4–5 drops of beard oil into your facial hair.
Check the stains.
Cut toothpicks into spokes, then glue them to the umbrella, if desired.
Wear a tie with your dress shirts to make them more professional.
Remove the stencil and apply a topcoat to seal the nail design.
Use a clear gel to set.
Remove pills from your sweaters regularly to keep them looking presentable.
Divide your foot length by 7.
Start by laying your hands on a towel.
Get tights with reflective patterns if you run in the dark.
Blend everything together until the gel is thick and creamy.
Trim the hair on top of your head to your desired length.
Avert arctic air with the Reverse Drape Cross.
Pack any cosmetics you wear on a daily basis.
Gather another section of hair from the area where you want the band to rest.
Spray your hair with hairspray.
Place insoles into the shoes.
Wash your hair with a sulfate-free shampoo to preserve its natural oils.
Stay inside as much as possible.
Wear spandex shorts under mini skirts.
Hairspray it.
Grind the oats in a food processor.
Apply the coffee mixture to your hair and leave it in for 1 hour.
Cover your chest in shaving cream.
Clip your hair at the root.
Apply soapy water or olive oil and twist the ring as you pull it.
Wear the clothes.
Look at materials, size, weight, and features.
Make sure that return shipping is free.
Dust on powder.
Look around.
Mix all the oils into the mixture and simmer.
Fluff the braids up to create petals.
Erase a scar with dermabrasion.
Cut a second square of fabric.
Section off your hair.
Press and hold the quick release button.
Get a very short haircut.
Use your right hand to pinch the end of the line at the shoulder.
Wear your overalls with a crop top to keep you cool in the summer.
Change your tampon if the tampon itself gets wet.
Tie back the long locks.
Lift the skin above the upper lip and hold it in place for another 2 beeps.
Store your cashmere away from sunlight to avoid discoloration.
Create your own ‘golden rule’.
Tease each section of the hair that you just curled using a narrow-toothed comb to back-comb the hair.
Paint messages on your box.
Don't complain about your body when you have them on.
Pack the right shoes for warmer climates.
Use sunblock.
Opt for an all-in-one pair of glasses with photochromic lenses.
Acquire a replacement lens.
Choose the right shoe.
Select appropriate footwear.
Refrain from wearing tight clothing and undergarments.
Be careful on accessories: Classy jewelry would include real gold, silver, sterling silver, white gold, and other real materials.
Iron the miniskirt.
Go to your church’s website to see if they have a dress code.
Pull the string across your body and hold both the string and centered folds with that same arm.
Start with brown or white sugar.
Use superior quality cosmetics/makeup products that will help your skin balance its moisture and not lose it.
Measure your cervix to determine the length of cup you should buy.
Use hair oil every day before combing your hair to avoid excessive hair fall.
Wear leggings under sweater dresses for an all-purpose winter look.
Use an updo.
Apply a baking soda paste to your hair to strip the color from your hair.
Get a prescription for creams or makeup.
Try a casual boot.
Consider attending the hair salon at least once a year.
Don't drink water to purposefully get your lips wet.
Put up your hair in curls.
Learn the connection between cancer and cosmetics.
Sew the thong together.
Join long hair communities and forums to get all the information you need.
Remove a logo with a pair of tweezers if it’s old and peeling off.
Brush un-crimped hair over these sections to hide the texture.
If you don't have Internet access, go to Walmart, Target, a drugstore, etc.
Start trying on different outfits.
Don't worry your look.
Shake the jar every day for 2 weeks.
Get a pack of wooden hangers.
Mix equal amounts of baking soda and lemon juice.
Be careful tying your hair up.
Fold pants neatly to stack them on top of one another on a shelf.
Wear a loose choker necklace to accentuate your neck.
Dot on your|eyeliner pencil, then smudge it with a cotton swab.
Sew along the length.
Place items in a dry cleaner bag to prevent wrinkling.
Check the Outsole Logo.
Remove the jeans when they are dry.
Find something that makes you stand out.
Make a zigzag part if you want a unique, unconventional hairstyle.
Cover your bun with a hair net that matches your hair color for extra security.
Rub jojoba oil into your face before or after you shave.
Wrap the ribbon around your ponytail in a spiral.
Put two pieces of cotton lining between two pieces of sole fabric; cut out the sole along the template.
Point out differences in taste and style.
Purchase a tanning light for your home.
Ask for support during this communication.
Stick with heel heights you can walk in.
Take hair-boosting supplements.
Break in your wedges by walking around in them at home.
Do 100 chain stitches and tie off.
Mix together Aztec clay, warm water, and oil.
Pull back the rest of your hair.
Clean your clothes with borax to get rid of any mold.
Try not to move around a lot.
Try the finger coiling technique to retrain your curls.
If you prefer facial hair try to keep it tidy.
Apply some nice lotion to make your skin feel soft.
Get regular exercise, with physician's o.k.
Use sugar, and honey to exfoliate your skin.
Go to events and festivals to network with photographers, models, and artists.
Enhance your eyelashes.
Fake it.
Listen to an audiobook if you wish you had more time for reading.
Check to make sure there is about 0.5-to-0.65 inches (1.5 cm-to-2 cm) of space between the longest toe and the end of the shoe.
Remove damp items from the dryer as an alternative.
Find a strapless bra.
Choose a massage oil or lotion.
Meet with any potential artists first.
Snip the square end off a wire tie.
Wear Mary-Jane shoes with knee-high socks.
Wear sunglasses in a matching colour to make the outfit look cohesive.
Open your reselling search up to trying some major federal organizations such as the American Red Cross.
Wear an undershirt.
Wear athletic socks with your shoes.
Whilst in the bath, read a book/magazine or listen to music and just daydream.
Attend social events.
The only thing harder than getting in is staying in.
Select music to add.
Design a romantic chignon.
Rinse thoroughly in cool water.
Wash cotton pants in a washing machine with cold water on a gentle cycle.
Try a simple style such as a french braid or put in a cute clip.
Consider a dress.
Spend time with people you love.
You can also integrate the sideways allergic salute into a sneeze.
Give yourself a tattoo.
Get certified as a tattoo artist by applying for your license.
Tuck in any hair that escaped, if desired.
Enjoy your new look!.
Configure the alignment of the tabs.
Have a calm discussion with your child if they display sexual behavior.
Slide the left and right ends of the bottom band over the top band.
Add the nose right beneath the eyes.
Set aside a distinct space for each functional category of clothes.
Get some products, toner, cleansing lotion, moisturizer, exfoliator (optional) and some facial scrubs.
If your hair is several inches above your shoulders (your shortest pieces less than an inch long), section off the hair right above your ears and clip it away.
Wear JEANS!.
Wear a Softdisc during sex but use your normal birth control method.
Examine the situation.
Apply Vaseline along your hairline to protect your skin from dye.
Decide how large you want the bow to be.
Apply some chap stick so your lips are not dry and don't look flaky.
Be assertive.
Do self-care.
Press the Home button.
Use the mouthwash.
Wash your hair in the evening.
Apply another thin layer for a quick fix.
Take your keys out of your purse or pocket.
Wrap the strands in a plastic bag if you want to let the dye soak in longer.
Determine your therapeutic goal(s).
Try for two even coats.
Put together some outfits that you can always wear on days when you don't know what to wear!.
Add studs to your jacket for a tougher look.
Brush out your damp hair and apply a mousse or gel, if desired.
Look for wholesalers in the phone book.
Finish it off.
Twist your ponytail.
Trim your hair.
Fill a small, glass bottle half-way with rosewater.
Ensure all ends are securely tucked in and pin if necessary.
Add style to tops with low-cut armholes with a mesh bodysuit.
Make your tag on a piece of heavy cardstock according to the specification of the sale.
Determine your TOMS shoe size.
Once you rinse your feet, your feet will remain moisturized because of the oil.
Follow the washing instructions exactly.
Apply coconut oil or another natural oil.
Melt the ingredients together over medium heat.
Keep your shoes cool.
Wrap your wet shoes with toilet or tissue paper.
Make small batches in small bottles.
Play around with different belts, watches, and jewelry.
Use a cotton swab to apply the compound to the plastic lenses.
Take out your favorite shade of concealer.
Grab a friend to assist you.
Find the widest part of your bicep 5–6 in (13–15 cm) down from your shoulder.
Take the posts out and clean them with rubbing alcohol.
Make and apply your mixture.
Apply:.
Peel the leaves.
Let down your hair.
Line up your main and flap fabric.
Add length and width with a 2-way shoe stretcher.
Hydrate your skin by drinking enough water.
Squeeze the curling iron open and place it near the bottom of a section of hair.
Make your own oatmeal scrub.
Last thing for the bath- get some Epsom salt.
Place the roller on a soft towel to let it air dry.
Adjust the size and hide the excess strap material as needed.
Try to purchase a suit with quality workmanship.
Select ribbon in your favorite colors for matching your outfit.
Rinse your sweatshirt in cool water, then remove the rubber bands.
Fold the pants to the waist.
Help yourself up with your hands.
Bring the tape measure straight down to the center of your bust.
Focus your volumizing efforts towards the crown of your head.
Understand that sweaters ravel.
Dress for a Pear Shaped Figure: The pear is the most common female body type.
Snap the segment into place.
Add the peppermint essential oil.
Opt for a bra with thin, pretty straps if you want more support.
Remove makeup with coconut oil.
Seal the jar and leave in a sunny spot for a few hours.
Fill a container with 1 cup of sugar.
Wrap the wire around the bumpy part of the bobby pin.
Add tinted moisturiser to your daily routine.
Add some colored hair extensions before you start braiding your hair.
Ask them what they’d like to wear.
Slick back your hair or make a pompadour for a classic look.
Once you have the sticky, stringy mess removed and your seam is neatly trimmed up, go ahead and work the end threads out, exposing eight needle holes (four on each side).
Lengthen your lashes.
Make a tied cape.
Listen to an audio book.
Pour the oil mixture on the crown of your head.
Schedule a consultation to meet the stylist before you get a cut.
Be honest with yourself, and only buy things you know you'll need, and will wear often.
Avoid smoking.
Wash your makeup brushes.
Wear your garment carefully.
Grab the ball.
Add pins to make your bag your own.
Add a mini claw clip.
When you have a triangle the size you want, stop.
Volumize thin lashes with mascara and pressed translucent powder.
Pull up the Left behind the Right.
Moisturize your hair with the right shampoo and conditioner.
Dye your hair neon colors for a funky, edgy hairstyle.
Clean the insoles regularly.
Substitute baking soda for toothpaste.
Cut the remaining strands, then seal them.
Know worrisome signs that you should be seen and treated by a physician.
Wear a hair accessory that hides your bangs.
Dab a spoolie, brush, or small applicator into the mix.
Wear blue if you’re feeling calm and confident.
Dip your index finger in the eyeshadow and gently spread it over your eyelid.
Wear clothes that compliment your skin tone.
Take turns with your partner.
Put just the nails into the bowl and let them soak for 5 minutes or so.
Avoid cutting your cuticles to prevent further damage.
Connect the back elastic.
Snip any loose threads from the clothing with scissors.
Do not flex your bicep.
Exercise for 30 minutes daily for good health and confidence.
Use cotton balls, makeup pads or q-tips to remove the mascara.
Line your upper lashes with black or charcoal eyeshadow.
Choose an ombre style to highlight the length of your hair.
Choose the jeweler.
Avoid rapid temperature changes when you eat or drink.
Check the cause of squeaking in your wet shoes.
Talk to someone you trust.
Choose bootcut or slim cut pants.
Apply the melted polish to the shoes with a dampened cloth.
Consider using lip gloss instead of lip liner and lipstick.
Pair patterned leggings with biker boots for dramatic flair.
Soak your nails in 100% acetone for 5 minutes.
Dab a sponge across the exterior to remove water stains.
Pour the water, petals and buds into a jug to cool.
Cut two small arches out.
Tie the braid off with an elastic.
Use shampoos that promote hair growth.
See your doctor if you have signs of an ear infection.
Pull your bangs or a few pieces of hair out.
Use a piece of an already-cut section to guide the rest of your cuts.
Pour the water into a bowl and put in a few drops of eucalyptus oil.
Circle your twisted hair up to form a bun.
Wrap a hair tie around the base of your bun.
Try castor oil on your eyelashes.
Trim the ends to about 2 inches (5.1 cm) from the ending knot.
Put your hair up in a short ponytail.
Secure your quiff with bobby pins that are the same color as your hair.
Accessorize to complete your look.
Make sure they fit correctly.
Now, with palms facing the ceiling (or slightly sideways), with your index finger of your right hand, take the string off of the ring finger of your left hand.
Try jojoba oil to create natural perfumes.
Figure out what you are.
Put some honey on your face.
Do a steam for sleep aid.
Prime your skin.
Research online sellers online to check that they are a legitimate supplier.
Pull your look together with a matching belt and limited accessories.
Slide a 4-mm bead and the paper bead onto a 2 in (5.1 cm) eye pin.
Watch for signs of problems with your teeth.
Add 1/4 cup (45 g) of baking soda to your wash cycle to remove odors.
Try swapping your belt for suspenders.
Apply primer to your nails to get rid of any oils.
Use puffy paint or glitter glue to add 3-dimensional texture.
Measure the nose pads you want to replace.
Soak the tape in warm water.
Throw a stylish blazer over your top for a glammed-up outfit.
Rub the cloth gently over the mother of pearl item.
Wash your face with cool water.
Pull the fabric through itself (as shown) until completely right-side out.
Eat a healthy diet that emphasizes nutritious food.
Drape your scarf over your neck with 1 side longer than the other.
For a more of a sexy, sultry, nighttime look, cut a pair of natural looking fake lashes in half and apply to the outer half of your eyelid.
Place the jar in the refrigerator the next day to separate the cream.
Tie up all of your hair in a ponytail.
Use lemon juice to fight discoloration.
Use scented lip balm.
Place heavy books on the jacket.
Organize your closet.
Add flower or rhinestone barrettes to any length hair.
Use cold spoons on your eyes.
Seek laser treatment if it is recommended by your dermatologist.
Fold the top half of the paper onto the cardboard and smooth it down.
Measure down where you want to cut your bangs with your fingers.
Make two button holes on one edge of the flap.
Apply foundation, eye color, and lipstick.
Measure the same width from the edge of your fleece.
Bra's and underwear do count!.
Use double-buns to create a casual-chic style with your beanie.
Contact your doctor if you have an upset stomach after taking it.
Choose a conservative watch.
Transfer the broken powder into a plastic, resealable bag, and zip the bag shut.
Wrap a section of your hair around your head and pin it in place.
Join a club or organization.
Trace the template on the carton.
Open up the shoes wide enough to easily slide in the baby’s foot.
Press the binding away from the shirt at the new seam you just made.
Filter through your options.
Trim your hair monthly or every two months for healthy hair.
Hang your dress up to dry.
Avoid the pressure points in ankles and wrists.
Use jewellery, embroidery, frills, embellishments and ribbons to cover up any strange lumps and draw attention to features you want to emphasis.
Respect your partner.
Dip a cotton swab into the cleanser, soaking in as little as possible.
Participate in community activities.
Coat your legs with a thin layer of the coconut oil.
Shoes: Flats with gold or silver linings are stylish if added with black leggings, but if not, it's fine too.
Add some simple images like stars, birds, clouds, or flowers if you want more pieces.
Know what you are hoping the results of fixing your problem will be.
Quit smoking if you do smoke.
Minimize accessories at formal events.
Apply a sunscreen, which will protect you from getting premature wrinkles and sun spots!.
Hang adhesive hooks to take advantage of open space on your walls.
Be nice, be kind, and be patient with others.
Prepare for aftercare.
Steaming the hair is the perfect treat.
Fold the right end to make a triangle shape.
After scrubbing the stains, take a paper towel, wet it, and use it to remove the soap off of the shoe.
If you have a cool skin tone, you look better in earthy tones, browns, greens, golds etc.
Take your toddler to the ER or call your doctor if they have cracked red lips and a fever for five days or more.
Don't wax the same area twice.
Add tiny polka dots.
Make it fitted.
Add a leather jacket to go punk rock.
Pair chunky heels with a more casual outfit.
Soak your scalp and hair in lemon water for a bright, refreshing scent.
Apply a sheer yellow-based powder to face lightly with a large brush, concentrating on shiny areas.
Freshen your mouth.
Scrape the combined moisture out of the container using the spoon.
Wear bright colors if you’re feeling creative.
Shave with care.
Figure out what size she is!.
Wash your hair after working out.
Pick a cropped pant if you want to make your legs look longer.
Make a fringe on the ends of the scarf.
Attach a small, sturdy loop of ribbon, to one side of the opening, as a finger or wrist strap.
Gather and pack your toiletries.
Browse typical prices for similar items.
Divide the rose petals into two piles.
Pour the liquid into a spray bottle.
Drink enough water to keep your hair hydrated.
Don't play with it.
Apply a white eyeshadow to the inner corner of your eyes.
Mix the old with the new.
Wear deodorant.
Protect your fine hair from humidity.
Try on the boots to see how they fit.
Its also important to keep your clothes in good condition.
Protect your skin from sun damage by applying vitamin C and E serum.
Check everything.
Moisturize and/or de-frizz with leave-in conditioners.
Change your part.
Rain.
Admire your smudge free skin!.
Roll the bras between two thick towels to press out excess water.
Get a well-fitting suit for formal occasions.
Try classic pumps with overalls and a fun t-shirt for a playful look.
Weave your fabric through the front of the safety pins.
Take a flat bristled eyeshadow brush and pick up some eyeshadow on one side of it.
Loop the same finger under the right section of the left braid.
Spray your hair with a heat protectant spray.
Dab a piece of cotton wool or a clean cloth into white vinegar.
Practice tying with your eyes closed to get faster.
Wash off with warm water.
Stop now if you’re sunburned.
Apply pressure to the base of your neck with your fingertips.
Cleanse your body.
Measure your own pupillary distance with a P.D.
Rub the cream polish into the scratch and whole shoe using circular motions.
Clean the area thoroughly.
Place the pants on top of the suit jacket.
Add a chemisette to your outfit for an extra collar.
Cover your body with a thick blanket or robe to keep the wraps warm.
Try laser surgery.
Add some simple meditation to your routine.
Do penguin walks to help correct pigeon toeing.
Pin the end in place and adjust.
Wash your feet thoroughly.
Wear the jacket with a T-shirt for an everyday look.
You may put in vanilla essence, but this is not necessary.
Choose a dog purse.
Add layers to your style.
Choose an eyeshadow.
Moisturize the area with lotion after you clean the bleached area.
Comparison shop.
Choose a pussy bow to create both modern and vintage looks.
Spread the jeans out flat to dry or hang them up instead.
Go all out with a facial.
Set up a website to sell your skin care products online.
Stir the melted cocoa butter, then add it to the food processor.
Remove pot immediately once ingredients have blended together and transfer to waiting bowl.
Hide a bad hair day by tucking your hair completely into a slouchy beanie.
Book an appointment.
Braid until you reach the back of your head, then pin it.
Once your hair is all pinned up and curled, apply hairspray.
Have your teeth inspected.
Record everything - job interviews, vacations, et cetera - on your calendar.
Use your fingers to style and let your hair air-dry for a relaxed look.
Tie the scarf at the top of your head.
Start stringing your loom bands as you would in a fishtail loom.
Step into the shower.
Add to the tackle box a (small to medium size) handheld mirror, combs, a small hairbrush, and even a curling iron.
Shrink your hat with moisture and heat.
Section the top of your hair.
Separate your eyelashes with an eyelash/fine-tooth comb.
Paint your nails with polish.
Take labels from sodas, cans, and other food items or whatever.
Try to be friendly.
Test out jeans from multiple stores to get the most comfortable pair.
Pre-treat stains on your shoes with a mild pre-treater.
Create a path using fabric chalk.
Put on a solid-colored halter top that matches your pants.
Refocus your thoughts.
Wash your face!.
Apply silicone gel.
Cut off the end.
Apply hand cream after washing.
Think about the rear view.
Listen to your parents.
Allow to steep for 20 - 30 minutes.
Unwrap the towel from your hair and put an oil based product on such as CHI, Moroccan Oil etc...
Wipe the outside of your heels with a sudsy cleanser.
Pick close-fitting or banded sunglasses if you play a lot of sports.
Stick with running shoes to match the sporty vibe of the windbreaker.
Glue the lining into the bag.
Purchase saree covers to protect them while they hang.
Try everything on to check how it all comes together.
Repeat the process.
Add colorful scarves.
Ask the person receiving the massage to lie on their stomach.
Study the origins of the word.
Apply to face and leave on for 10~15 minutes until the facial product is completely absorbed.
Leave the stretcher in the boot for 8 hours.
Prepare the area.
Put trash items in a small Ziploc and empty it every day.
Hang boots from hooks or store upright.
Stir in ⁄4 cup (59 ml) of aloe vera.
Wear proudly and enjoy the compliments!.
Attach the sleeves to the sides of the crop top.
Put an egg in your hair.
Create a knotted low ponytail.
Poke the needle up through the fabric near the hole.
Apply petroleum jelly around the area you plan to color.
Use natural oils to moisturize your skin.
Munch on some tomatoes.
Remove the sheet from the dye and place it in a separate container for 20 minutes.
Try laser skin resurfacing with the q-switch nd:YAG laser.
Be careful how much you eat.
Keep a healthy diet.
Quickly walk back to your car if you can drive home safely.
Pull your hair into a sleek, low ponytail.
Rinse your shoes with warm water.
Make your own polarized glasses.
Use mineral oil and rubbing alcohol on the blade.
Tug on the tighter parts of the leather to stretch it out.
Start by getting four different colors of string.
Hook a safety pin to 1 end of the casing and pull the casing right side out.
Avoid initial daily usage if you have sensitive skin.
Learn how to braid and French braid.
Exfoliate the night before getting a spray tan.
Select a fabric finish to match the occasion.
Enjoy your second day curls!.
Wear it as a body piercing.
Create a braided headband.
Use a shampoo and conditioner made for curly hair.
Make a side part for a cool, off-center style.
Find a small, easily-traceable image that you like.
Wash the beard.
Use a humidifier in your bedroom.
Fold the boxers from left to right.
Exfoliate your skin with a body scrub and a loofah.
Assess how the hair serum is doing.
Fold the sewn end up about 6.35cm (2.5 inches).
Listen to the opinions of your mom and/or friends as to what styles and colors look good on you.
Insert your fingernail into the notch to pry the clasp open.
Place the lid of the saucepan upside down on top of the saucepan.
Apply toner to hydrate your skin.
After 10 minutes steaming, scrub your face with your regular scrub.
Accessorize !.
Do makeup on the subway or bus.
Protect your skin, clothes, and the floor where you'll be working.
Thread the top cord over the first and third tabs, through the third tab's top hole and down through the second tab's top hole.
Place the smaller paper, blank side up on your work surface and spray it with spray adhesive.
Keep the list of what you need to accomplish today short, so you don't become overwhelmed, but at the end of the day feel like you have been successful.
Find a style that fits you well.
Wrap the scarf like a bolero for a more revealing option.
Don a hat.
Eat well before and after you exercise.
Keep the Nozzle at-least six inches from your body.
Store your silver when you aren’t wearing it.
Select a bag with fewer pockets on the outside of the bag to appear more chic.
Choose lighter colored lipstick if you have a lighter skin tone.
Go the normal way home.
Talk to a dermatologist if you’re worried your skin is too oily.
Take a shower everyday!.
Look for anti-wrinkle creams that contain retinol.
Braid your hair into cornrows.
Continue to curl the rest of your hair.
You can have them flip over one more time to face upwards, and finish with the muscles of the jaw, face and head.
Use nail stickers for an alternative manicure.
Apply a neutral base shade across your whole eyelid with a medium brush.
Continue stirring the water and ribbons until they cool down.
Avoid swimming until the infection is completely gone.
Delight in bubbles.
Refresh curls with steam.
Assemble the equipment listed below.
Pin the pillowcase to the tank top.
Take breaks in the shade when spending the day outdoors even if it's cloudy.
Look at powders.
Fold up both feet separately, so the anklet of the foot-piece meets the rest of the sleeper.
Straighten your hair before you finish your look.
Invest in a bottle of wrinkle-releasing spray.
Remember, be beautiful on the inside too!.
When choosing a smaller bowl, make sure it’s big enough to fit all 5 nails.
Toss on a ruffled dress and ankle boots for an easy look.
Tie a knot.
Allow the layer to dry.
Talk to another trusted adult.
Press the Send/Submit button.
Wear a trapper hat to give off a cozy winter vibe.
Apply witch hazel.
Purchase a tie rack online or at a department store.
Opt for a laser breast lift.
Choose mild products if you have rosacea.
Place the heel of each hand on the centre of the forehead, sliding out to the sides.
Ask your host for help.
Use a chic purse or fashionable messenger bag for a luxurious touch.
Use your makeshift ruler as you would a normal ruler.
Pump a small blob of aloe vera gel onto your middle finger.
Make a paste of water and baking soda to put in your hair.
Wring them out when you are done with your shower.
Then apply a clear mascara to both your upper and lower eyelashes evenly.
Stand before a white wall.
Start with clean skin.
Protect yourself when you go outside.
Put on leggings underneath your slouchy boots for a casual vibe.
Clean all your makeup off your face every night before you go to bed.
Buff nails.
Make a budget with income and expenditure.
Avoid alcohol and caffeinated beverages.
Try some sparkling hair jewelry.
Browse the TOMS shoe collection at an authorized retailer in your area.
Repeat this process until you reach the base of your scalp.
Cut the hair off below your fingers.
Follow the instructions on your clothes' tags.
Apply the mixture to your hair with a tinting brush.
Use the highlighter powder on your high points.
Provide feedback.
Eat a diet rich in omega-3 fatty acids, protein, and iron to promote hair growth.
Consider dyeing some pieces.
Wear sunscreen.
Define your purpose for making badges.
Match up the two pieces of fabric, back to back, with your hems at the top.
Sew elastic to sides.
Wear a floral print calf-length dress for a retro look.
Use a brush to apply the henna and indigo mixture to clean, dry hair.
Apply the scrub mixture you just made to your feet.
Spray a soap and water solution on the gasket and check for leaks.
Massage the scrub into your hands, elbows, and feet before rinsing it away.
Avoid tight clothing around the piercing.
Use a cream foundation.
Dress well.
Check for a yellow or green foul-smelling discharge.
Look at yourself in natural light.
Wear a long coat over black cigarette pants and heels for a sophisticated look.
Examine your feet for any infections and get them checked.
Polish the rounded part of the stone with a tissue or clean toweling.
Run a smooth pageant day.
Transform your bolo tie into a necklace.
Place each component into a separate bowl.
Part your hair down the center for a symmetrical look.
Rub the body butter between your fingers to melt it.
Create a baking soda paste to lift hair dye stains.
Put on some cuticle oil.
Tap some shimmery white eyeshadow in the inner corners of your eyes to brighten them up.
Remember to keep a good amount of pads or tampons at hand.
Wear statement shoes in an eye catching hue.
Pour the melted mixture into the hole in the center of the hardened lip balm.
Get some large flexi-rods.
Glide the attachment directly next to the thicker  point of your eyebrows.
Sew the patch with close-knit seams.
Tuck the rolled portion into the waistband.
Purchase a Numbing Cream with a pH less than 7.
Have a mixed style in lower wear: Make sure your jeans are good quality.
Create a Single Loop or a Basic or an Inverted Fishtail.
Pour the two oil types into the double boiler top.
Bleach new regrowth very gently.
Fill the bottom portion of a double boiler with a few inches (10 to 20 centimeters) of water.
Repeat steps 2 to 6 two more times.
Wear side-swept waves with a mermaid dress.
Find a dermatologist.
Blow dry hair straighter.
Consider using Instead Softcups.
Gather all the herbs you need.
Apply concealer around the eyes.
Use flaxseed gel in combination with other products for more definition.
Drop the front of the cloth.
Choose a material that works for you.
Insert the rolled up Left behind the Obi.
Apply a light, even coat of foundation around the edges of your lips.
Stand in front of a mirror.
Know your image.
Measure out the amount of coconut oil you need.
If you have noticed the above symptoms then its time you reproof your waterproofing jacket or trouser.
Wash your face in the morning with warm water and soap to remove the oil.
Use tin foil or bubble wrap for intergalactic or campy 80s glam themes.
Undergo bleomycin treatment as an alternative for corticosteroids.
Hold on to your checked baggage claim ticket.
String an Opaque 8/0 Glass Seed Bead onto the left strand and then cross the strand over.
Wear bright jewellery to add interest to a block-coloured shift dress.
Throw on a pair of over-the-knee boots for a date-night look.
Comb out your hair from the back of your head to the front.
Put your shoes in one section.
Skip socks and don loafers or other summer shoes.
Lay out old newspaper outside or in a well-ventilated place and place shoes on it.
Begin shopping for your new wardrobe if you want to.
Rim the outer corners of your eyes with a choice eyeliner.
Hydrate your lips.
Add a headband (or two).
Wear an old t-shirt.
Apply rubbing alcohol to a cotton swab.
Avoid packing too much.
Form your hair with a comb and blow dryer.
Keep your hair long and natural for an easy going look.
Be warm and friendly, and carry yourself with poise.
Try laser hair removal treatments to reduce face and body hair.
Get lots of sleep.
Hold your tampon string to the side or front if you are defecating.
Keep the safety pin secured.
Wrap the whole basket in cellophane (or plastic wrap).
Try glycolic acid.
Lace in the strips of hair into the original one at least two or three times.
Find your regular shoe size or foot length in the chart.
Use a nibble inhibitor.
Iron out the top edge of your clutch.
Remove the pan from the heat after the liquid is melted.
Launder any clothes you plan to donate.
Divide your hair into sections.
Apply a small amount of lip plumper Follow the instructions on your lip plumping product carefully, plump is good, a fat lip is not an attractive look.
Air dry the insoles before returning them to the shoes.
Cut out your pattern.
Rinse off.
Take the strand farthest to the right, and move it to the middle.
Divide your hair into 3 layers for best straightening results.
The Ultimate Beauty Secret: A beauty regime is nothing without petroleum jelly.
Find a ream of fluffy, plush material at your local fabric store.
Exfoliate and moisturize your lips to prep them.
Take about 16" or an arm's length from one Obi end and fold it in half (vertically).Hold this end on your left.
Identify the type of shaver.
Add any of the following aromatherapy oils, either singly or in combination for each skin type.
Use a hot-air brush on your wig for increased volume and softness.
Mix 1 part toner with 2 parts 20 volume developer.
Wear unique glasses.
Remove insoles.
Look at your medications.
Try smaller bows for a less overwhelming look.
Place each Yeezy in its own pillowcase.
Decide how much time you are going to spend on this.
Create a second guideline.
Rinse thoroughly: Make sure any lemon bits are removed.
Find a small container to mix your ingredients in.
Wear it curly.
If there is a very large tangle, don't attack it or take the scissors to it.
Look for good bargains.
Soak your nails in acetone if the acrylic is not coming off.
Place cap on the bottle and gently turn the up side down two or three times and use as desired to add luster and shine to dry or damaged hair and skin.
Make a tight running stitch around the edge of the hole to prevent further fraying.
Set the waves.
Add a little flair by blousing the top of your tie.
Create 5-10 forward knots.
Fold sweaters and jumpers rather than hanging them.
Wrap the roll.
Throw on a camel overcoat with some sneakers for a chic look.
Support initiatives that limit the government's role.
Peel off the top layer and you're all set!.
Cross the right stem over the middle stem.
Convert your measurements into your size.
Include a bromelain supplement.
Lift the section of hair and start twisting it from the root.
Use barrettes, clips, or bobby pins to secure different styles.
Change your hair.
Braid long cornrows into a high ponytail.
Load your brush with a shaving soap.
Loosely hold one side in the middle and pull tightly from the other side.
Finish by polishing using a piece of silk.
Avoid wearing glasses during sports.
Avoid sleeping with makeup on, if applicable.
Look for a flawless piece to spot cubic zirconia.
Wait a few minutes for it to dry.
Set goals and focus on achieving them.
Research different salons in your area for "The Brazilian Blowout.".
If your are using a latex glue, use a hair dryer to dry the glue.
Give them to some local charities that might need them.
See if IGH runs in your family.
Act confident so you seem like a dynamic person.
Glue the image to the button.
Stuff your bag with newspapers to help hold its shape while absorbing odors.
Accessorize your outfit.
Loosen the cuticles.
Look around at styles and decide what you like.
Remove your jewelry when you shower.
Wear skin-toned underwear with white or light-colored skirts.
At home, keep warm but not hot.
Put the jewelry into warm water with diluted mild dish detergent.
Understand the basics of denier.
Fold the tank in half lengthwise.
Blend the tinted brow gel upwards.
Review the seller's return policy.
Use essential oils on your skin.
Pick a day where no one will be home so you can focus on yourself.
Wear a hat or scarf to protect your hair from the sun.
Cover your hair with plastic wrap.
Slim your legs by exercising them regularly.
Talk to your doctor if your lips won’t heal after 1 week.
Apply sunscreen to your hands to protect them from the UV rays.
Use a quality razor, and shave gently in the direction of the hair growth.
Apply sunscreen before heading outside.
Oil particularly brittle hair when it’s damp.
Perform maintenance trims.
Part your hair down the middle into two sections.
Cut a small slit along the side seam from the top of the waistband.
Roll or fold your scarves and tuck them into a drawer.
Select the shortest available cycle and wash your wool dress.
Work on your mind.
Paint your base coat and allow it to dry.
Check out department stores.
Choose where you are going to place your piercing.
Consider what you're wearing.
Apply the mixture to clean, towel-dried hair.
Brew a pot of coffee using about 8 tablespoons (or 30-35 g) of coffee grounds.
Tap All Apps.
Prepare the curler with necessary attachments or accessories.
Let your hair dry.
Take a milk bath, especially if you have dry skin.
Stay on top of your root touch-ups if you color your hair.
Remember first-aid.
Place the paste and oil into the microwave.
Treat oily skin with a homemade clay face mask.
Look at tattoos around you.
Buy a bottle of " Extra Virgin Olive Oil.".
Bring a picture!.
Tuck in loose ends.
Add honey and an egg yolk, if desired.
Familiarize yourself with the different terms.
Try injectable fillers if you want your skin to look plump.
Wrap the wire a few times around the tip of the bobby pin without adding any beads.
Rinse the shoe using a damp cloth.
Break in the stilettos at home before wearing them out.
Search for leg wax services in your area.
Make your own waxing product.
Choose bright, solid scarves when wearing big designs and colorful patterns.
Turn a spoonful of the avocado face scrub into a lip scrub.
Cut several strips of felt that are the same length as the inside of your box.
Look for a reaction.
Split your hair into sections.
Maintain the electric razor.
Read the measuring tape to determine the size of the gauge.
Use any anti-acne treatments.
Color in the handle dark green, and the metal rod black.
Paint the dye onto the bleached streak, then wrap it.
Unhook your bra.
Air-dry machine-washed Vans.
Add 2 - 3 drops of the rose oil direct to the bathwater and swirl around.
Launder your cloth inserts with your other clothes.
Rinse it off with cool water.
Hang your curling iron by its cord on a hook.
Apply a single coat of clear lip gloss if you want to have add a touch of shine.
Before you start protect or remove any items you don't accidentally want to dye.
Pull your hair half-up for an easy look.
Begin massage treatment for back or neck pain.
Remove the rollers and style your hair.
Get the personality.
Fold your fabric in half along the length of the fabric.
Buy additional products to maintain your straight hair.
Wrap the strip around your wrist.
Try a hair conditioner.
Discuss topical treatments.
Collect the ingredients.
Fold towels into one rack.
When the dents/scratches are out of the toe of the boot start apply less and less polish each time.
Check that the straps do not fall off your shoulders.
Feed the elastic through the waistband pocket.
Pin 3 lengths of elastic across these lines.
Massage your upper back with a foam roller.
Take it to a tailor or seamstress.
Place 2 cups clean water (distilled, or chemical free is best) in a pot.
Pad your hips.
Sew along edges.
Twist and clip the right side out of the way.
Work with a plastic surgeon to change your facial structure.
Hair: Now this is the part where it becomes hard to decide, because it really varies from outfit to outfit.
Try a whitening toothpaste to whiten over time.
Cut off the toe of an old sock.
View the result in the photo.
Realize that you may get back to this page from the end of December through about January 15.
Remove the sock and hair tie.
Remain calm.
Use clear mascara or brow wax to keep your brows in place.
Start at the center of your lips, drawing an "X" over your cupid's bow.
Attach to the purse by measuring 2 1/4 inches (10.2 cm) down and 2 inches (5.1 cm) from the side.
Continue to make dreads in neat and organized rows.
Consider eco-friendly options for platinum.
Try a cute coat.
Get a great hairstyle.
Get into a bathtub or shower, and soak your legs for 5 minutes.
Rinse your hair again using water.
Reopen the water supply faucet to the flushing tank.
Throw on a trench coat to stay warm.
Decide when you'll be wearing the coat.
Choose a dark-colored linen shirt in the summer to avoid sweat stains.
Miscellaneous: ⁄8 inch (0.3 cm) nylon cord or rope for the small loop that holds the main thong between the toes.
Take a piece of material, matching or complimentary, and cut 2 pieces that are 3 inches (7.6 cm) wide and 40 inches (102 cm) long.
Transfer the foundation into a small, clean jar.
Add required amount of rose water.
Learn how to style your hair correctly.
Keep the jewelry conservative.
Begin weaving an ordinary fishtail.
Pull the links apart.
Coat the body with the remaining oil from the massage and cover with a warm towel and allow the oil to soak into the skin.
Cut a piece of suede cord to ten inches.
Build your self esteem through positive thinking.
Get between 7 to 9 hours of sleep a night.
Section your hair into two parts- the top half and the bottom half.
Transfer the distance down from the last step over to the left end of your horizontal line.
Press your two items into the glue, flat side down.
Put your cool shoes on display.
Use a toner to make slight changes to your hair color.
Put on wedges when you need to make a statement and be comfortable.
Fill in the third color.
Carry baby wipes.
Get a healthy amount of dairy and protein.
Avoid rubbing or scrubbing.
Call your doctor immediately in the event of serious side effects.
For both of the sections, separate them into two subsections, and twist these around each other tightly until you get to the bottom and secure them tightly with a hair elastic to hold them.
Act, move, and smile with confidence.
Put on some relaxing music.
Put into a small jar with an airtight lid.
Place your hand above the steam.
Apply mascara.
Mix together the coconut oil, aloe vera gel and jasmine, sandalwood and Caroline essential oils in a bowl for a soothing body oil.
Find a website that specializes in men’s pantyhose.
Enjoy life.
Make a pumpkin and egg mask if you have oily skin.
Avoid using lotions, creams, and other products around your piercing.
Rinse the exfoliant off with warm water, followed by a splash of cold water.
Scrunch your damp strands with a paper towel to remove the excess liquid.
Fold up the cuffs so the two new marks line up.
Ask for discounts and perks from vintage wholesale suppliers.
Apply coupons and discounts to your purchases.
Go to your local mall or shopping center.
Once you have located the ends, turn the whole seam right-side-out.
Get it all out.
Lay down the glasses on a flat surface.
To give hair body and shine add apple cider vinegar.
Fill out forms to apply for a restraining order.
Select the proper footwear for the occasion.
Fold a fitted sheet by nesting the corners in each other.
Shop at the right time of day.
Twist the saturated hair and coil it into a bun on top of your head.
Use hydrogen peroxide.
Stay clean.
Determine your proportions.
Let the curling iron cool completely before storing it or cleaning it.
Note a narrow forehead and jawline to identify a diamond-shaped face.
Sew a name or identifying mark into the fabric, alternatively.
Blend the ingredients in a blender.
Glue an earring post to the back of your button.
Pair your white T-shirt with statement shorts, skirts, or trousers.
Try on accessories in the store as you try your dress on.
Put a heat protectant if you are going to blow dry your hair.
Apply beet and carrot juice to hair.
Dab excess oil away using a blotting paper.
Consider your breast cancer risk.
Use neon eyeshadow to accent your face.
Try a variety of heels, fashion boots, and flats.
Apply protective layers of topcoat and nail hardeners to your nails.
Add chunky heels to your jeans for a fashion-forward outfit.
Line your lips with a lip liner.
Mist your entire head with hairspray.
Talk to your doctor if you notice hair loss.
Ask your attendant to change your bed sheets and pillow covers at most alternative days.
Be careful not to choose makeup that clogs pores.
Spray the completed design with 1 light coat of spray gel.
Wear a tie pin.
Roll each section around a round brush forward and out from your face.
Cover your hair with a scarf.
Use gentle caresses on the shoulders and arms.
Pull the back part of your hair into a ponytail.
Talk to your hairdresser about "curly cuts.
Use tongs to retrieve the stones.
Leave remaining eye-shadow on brush and dip brush into a shimmery black, but only let a little of the black onto the brush.
Section the hair in the middle.
Opt for light makeup if you wear any.
Apply a dark eyeliner, preferably in the color black.
Stir the ingredients together with a clean spoon.
Wear dress shoes with your shirt for a professional appearance.
Drape a capelet around your shoulders for an on-the-go accessory.
Apply the included adhesive to your image.
Slide any premade earring onto the loop attached to the earring hook.
Mix the henna powder, honey, and lemon juice in a large bowl.
Thread one cord up through the top hole in a tab.
Add colorant during the first part of the dry phase for a speckled look.
Slide your thumb along the long muscles beside their spine in an upward motion.
Make a baking soda mix.
Remove the hair clip and blow dry the top layer of your hair.
Hang or fold your clothes depending on its needs, that amazing BCBG blouse you just bought is not going to last that long if you stuff it in your dresser the second it comes out of the wash.
Don’t just cover up your problems—treat them at the same time.
Accept that if you choose to do your own hair, it will be a lot harder to get that "salon perfect" styling.
Leave in hot rollers for 15-30 minutes.
Choose a casual outfit that shows some skin.
Close your eye and position the cotton ball on the bottom side of your lashes.
Slowly mush the leaves on a rough, clean surface until they are nice and small.
Make bottle cap earrings.
Wear your boots on top of the socks.
Don't forget to take care of your feet!.
Try something new.
Use sewing pins to divide the elastic band into 4 equal parts.
Get a prescription for a stronger shampoo.
Cut your friend's hair and have your friend cut yours.
Ask them if they are comfortable with the amount of pressure you're applying throughout the massage.
Use foundation to find the perfect concealer.
Fold the pouch inside out again and fill it with tissues.
Use rubbing alcohol to clean hair dye stains off of counters.
Rent a dress.
Higher Waisted Styles: After rises became dangerously low, many higher end denim lines returned to a high waisted jean.
Use the included template to trace a circle onto your fabric.
Wash colored hair less frequently.
Roll the sweater tightly in a towel to remove even more moisture.
Consider removing the plastic liner inside the bottle cap.
Try on an inside-out dress and wrap a narrow belt around the waist.
Apply your favorite dark shadow to the upper eyelids.
Finish your braid by weaving your 3 remaining strands.
Apply hair wax to dry or slightly-damp hair.
Remove and replace the insoles.
Massage the mask over your hands and allow it to sit.
Try a natural face mask for quick skin-tightening results.
Make sure it is figure-flattering, and isn't too tight or too baggy.
Begin a regular braid to the right of the part.
Apply moisturizer to skin.
Insert a cuticle stick under the surface of a gel.
Follow the directions.
Try microblading.
Make feather earrings.
Check for water-resistancy.
Make sure to wash and brush your hair first.
Rub a layer of primer around your eyes, nose, and lip area.
Avoid pursing your lips.
Pair a plastic “tattoo” choker with a 90s-style outfit.
Give it time.
Get rid of blemishes with a honey and chamomile mask.
Put body cream on everywhere after you shower.
Apply your hair product.
Repeat the mixing and chilling process until the balm is mostly hardened.
Take one of the pieces of felt, and make a mark on the right edge, 6 centimeter (2.4 in)  down from the top edge.
Purchase the ring on a payment plan.
Rely on a simple red lipstick.
Choose 4 colors of embroidery thread.
Wear it with statement sunglasses.
Don't worry about sagging.
Use the darker shade next to contour, and the lighter shade to highlight,  you can do many things with these.
Throw on a scarf.
Wipe off all of the abrasive with a soft cloth or cotton ball.
Talk about your commonalities to capture his interest.
Apply a neutral shade of lip gloss to your lips.
Rinse the dye out with cool water.
Know the risks of talcum powder on babies.
Using the basic stitch, sew the neck of the loop.
Start with long hair, parted down the center.
Make an extra effort to get to know the people in your world.
Be realistic about the price of a real designer bag.
Accentuate your eyes.
Have your glasses adjusted.
Combine the ingredients in a saucepan over high heat.
Tuck it in.
Avoid water that's too hot.
Oil the hair with glycerin.
Sew the other long side of the Jacquard belt.
Give someone a hug.
Repeat with remaining nails.
Try on the bracelet to see if it feels comfortable.
Be alert.
Invite your folks and family members over (if at least those smaller members can dress into their blanket sleepers too).
Roll up the twist in a perm curler.
Follow a skin care routine to prevent premature aging and blemishes.
Apply glitter body dust to enhance your breasts' appearance.
Apply a heat-protectant product.
Go to a doctor or dermatologist for an allergy test.
Pair platform clogs with flared jeans for an easy, cool 70s vibe.
Rinse your hair with lukewarm or cool water.
Lay the baby back down into the garment with it's feet inside the base of the garment.
Take hair supplements to strengthen your locks.
Minimize your use of hot tools.
Knot it together at the end of the braid.
Carry yourself like a teen.
Wrap your head in a silk scarf or hat if you're leaving twists in overnight.
Stir your ingredients again.
Machine wash the clothes according to the care label.
Pinch the extra fabric at the center back of the waistband.
Pair it with sneakers.
Work on your posture.
Store it in a container with a lid.
Apply the twist button.
Highlight under the brow and the inner corner of the eye with a shimmery pale nude eyeshadow.
Keep a positive attitude.
Go to stores that have sections for mature styles.
Fold the sleeves in a crossed position.
Shave your face or body hair daily to control excess body hair.
Put your fingers on your left hand in 3 of the strings.
Slip on a pair of flats.
Use a hairdryer to stretch and break in stiff shoes.
Look into your closet, drawers, and other places where you keep your clothing: Ideal things you would want to look for would be things appealing to you.
Avoid brushing wet hair.
Plug in your hair dryer and turn it to the hottest setting available.
Keep your body fit.
Make sure your hair is smooth, then roll the brush back towards your scalp.
Get a tiny piece of hair from the top of the head.
Shower instead of taking a bath.
Draw a line from Y down to M.  This is your back seam line.
Dab very sparingly.
Be proud of yourself.
Clean your car on a regular basis.
Curl your eyelashes.
Wash the shirt on the hottest setting in your washer.
Wash your hair with anti-dandruff shampoo for a commercial option.
Avoid wearing brogues for Black Tie events.
Enhance your natural beauty with make up which is right for you and has effects which look stunning, not fake.
Use OTC hydrocortisone ointment.
Try applying cold spoons.
Hop in a spray tan booth for a cheaper alternative.
Diffuse and scrunch dry hair.
Look for positive representations of overweight people in TV shows and movies.
Wrap and glue satin ribbon around the stem.
Breathe deeply to inhale the eucalyptus-scented steam.
Try them on.
When dry and hot, rinse your hair under warm water to start rehydrating the gelatin.
Put on a leather jacket for a rebellious look.
Section off your hair and clip it out of the way.
Add in your herbs and to get a great blend you could always use a blender and make a sort of smoothie.
Put the hair that will not be braided (the majority of it) into a ponytail or clip.
Know the correct terms for jewelry, i.e.
Brush your teeth and smile a lot!.
If you still are not comfortable being discreet enough, wait until nobody is looking to wipe your nose.
Work back across the opposite side.
Choose a French manicure if you want defined nail tips.
Avoid credit cards.
Add a few drops of conditioner in the bowl.
Arrange both straps to the side for a 1-shoulder style.
Wash off the etching substance.
Pick up toning shampoo from the store for a home remedy.
Express yourself with a bold pair of shoes!.
Request to enroll in the Posh Ambassador program.
Have an agenda, and USE it.
Bend forward and pour oil on the back of your head.
Check with your country’s laws to see if you can sell fur pelts.
Roll the cuff.
Set your washer to the highest heat possible.
Select a small section of hair to make your first curl.
Use Indian gooseberry.
Match colors.
Do a  deep conditioning treatment once a month.
Measure the amount of oils and pour them into the taller / bigger Pyrex container.
Wash your feet frequently.
Choose boots considering the above and any other relevant criteria that are important to you, depending on the trade you are in or the activities that you do and your price range.
Walk tall and stand straight; good posture works wonders!.
Transfer the mixture to a bowl and cool it in the freezer.
Take oxide or mica and mix directly with the dry bath bomb materials.
Use an after-tan lotion to keep the skin moisturized.
Pour out the liquid wax into a disposable container and throw it out.
Opt for softer hair ties to tie your hair up with.
Start with a simple square fold.
Use a clarifying shampoo periodically.
Try a different battery if the Quip doesn’t turn on.
Condition your hair with your regular conditioner.
Outline your lids with eyeliner.
Clean your skin with a store bought exfoliator.
Add a pop of color and texture with jewelry.
Put on sneakers to wear with your mom jeans.
Pin your hair up to expose the back of your scalp and apply the juice.
Melt the shea butter and mix in the almond oil.
Go up a size.
Spritz on the mixture throughout the day.
Wash your tools thoroughly.
Lay the damp jeans on a dry towel.
Combine ingredients in a saucepan or microwave safe bowl.
Fill a separate bucket with water and dye fixative.
Measure your thread.
Divide and straighten a small section of hair.
Opt for sturdy boots if you’ll be walking on rough terrain.
Apply the dye outdoors or in a safe place.
Cut off just the rubbery part of the bottom of the feet.
Use Velcro rollers and bobby pins for a low-hanging ponytail.
Try a jagged cut at the ends of your hair for a more textured bob.
Take vitamin supplements to combat vitamin deficiencies.
Put the lid on your bottle, and roll it back and forth to mix.
Apply benzoyl peroxide to your back before you go to sleep at night.
Lay your jeans out.
Wear a tee shirt underneath the dress.
Choose your lemon: A lemon for bathing should be light in color.
Take oatmeal baths.
Moisturize with cocoa butter as well day and night.
Clean your hands before touching the piercing.
Make the band shirt into a crop top.
Review your diet.
Take a nail supplement that contains vitamins and biotin.
Comb through your bangs, then style them.
Mix indigo powder with warm water.
Assemble a soap-making double-boiler and bring the water to a boil over medium heat.
It's just that simple and easy.
Hide the elastic, if desired.
Yoga and Pilates are a great workout for your mind and body!.
Using any heat products is not recommended.
Enhance your lips if they appear small.
Apply a small drop of brow gel to the back of your hand.
Decorating your own bracelet can be extreme fun if you have ideas of different designs.
Book an appointment for a laser filler treatment.
The prints quality must be of professional standard on high quality paper and colour image.
Apply your makeup in a way that flatters your face.
Don't look.
Watch out for petroleum-based products.
Wear gloves when washing dishes or using household cleaners.
Practice good posture so you look and feel your best in your swimsuit.
Understand the wholesaler’s sizing information.
Wrap dollar bills around your waist and multiply by 6.14 inches (15.6 cm).
Opt for solid shades, especially for dresses.
Select feminine accessories to dress up your jeans.
Shower EVERY DAY, when in the shower wash your face, shampoo your hair, condition, and wash your body with a loofah.
Wash your face with a mild cleanser to remove most of your makeup.
Begin braiding.
Wash and condition your hair.
Cover your arms with a long-sleeve shirt.
Use a wet washcloth to remove the mask.
Rinse the bag with cool water.
Examine whether it's a site with one seller.
Accept your freckles.
When you reach the length you want knot the loose ends together.
Moisturize your skin.
Incorporate protein into all of your daily meals to stimulate growth.
Now, either sleep on them or let them air dry.
Limit your use of ultrasonic jewelry cleaners.
Gather a vertical section of hair from the center of your bangs.
Ask about hormonal treatments.
Take a small section of the hair and cut upwards toward your fingers.
Place your thumbs on your partner's inner eyebrows and slide out to the sides.
Combine 1 tbsp of the ground oatmeal with 1/4 tsp salt and 1 tsp olive oil or water.
Contour your face.
Blow-dry hair until it is completely dry, making sure to finish with cool air to seal the cuticle and add shine.
Have plastic surgery to get dimples permanently.
Put your best face first.
Fold a towel in thirds to take up less space.
Continue holding the designated section of hair straight up and firmly swipe it with a fine-toothed comb or bristled brush, starting at the top by your fingers and moving down toward the roots.
Moisturise!.
Take into consideration how heavy your flow is and cup capacity.
Moisturize your body.
Apply a top coat before you use press on nails again.
Wrap a rubber band around a cap.
Purchase samples from niche boutiques online.
Search eBay for the handbag you want to buy.
Choose a signature accessory.
Blot and reapply.
Leave overnight.
Stop using any exfoliants, scrubs, or masks.
Get at least 6 hours of sleep every night.
Consider getting your genitals pierced.
Go shorter for more manageable hair.
Consider laser treatment for a lasting solution.
Use a range of scented products to layer the scents.
Use a magic eraser to remove stains.
Knot the cord onto the buckle.
Curl and pin shorter hair to one side for a vintage look.
Get a traditional breast lift.
Change your hairstyle.
Be careful not to become materialistic.
Use a knife or similar object to chop the dome.
Hang the socks out to dry.
Expect long-wearing lipsticks to dry out faster.
Let the water simmer.
Dust your face with powder.
Go back to the salon technician who applied your extensions.
Take the rubber bands off and rinse the suit in hot water.
Consider a haircut.
Shade your eyelids with a color slightly darker than your skin.
Soak the nail in warm saltwater 2-3 times a day to prevent infection.
Avoid sellers offering "wholesale" or "closeout" bags.
Hang the clothes out in direct sunlight.
Use Vaseline or Aquaphor Healing Ointment.
Add some shea butter, coconut oil, cocoa butter, and avocado oil.
Don't be upset if you don't get the part you want in a play.
Switch things up by wearing a hat instead of your hood.
Brush your abdomen with a dry, natural bristle brush.
Consider the time and place of the massage.
Cover your lips with a concealer that matches your skin tone.
Place your towel on your head.
Have great style.
Wear flats or sneakers.
Pre-wet your fabric in hot water.
Wear your wedding band on a necklace.
Pull your hair into a high ponytail on the crown of your head.
Fold the left and right sides in by one-third, and use bull clips to keep them secure.
Dab some rubbing alcohol onto a cotton ball.
Use a small comb to regularly remove knots and kinks.
Ask her girlfriends and her mom!.
Leave your bangs down with an updo for a symmetrical style.
Stop believing that something is not possible until you are thin(ner).
Accept yourself.
Separate the stems.
Put an 'S' clip on the figure of 8 band.
Set up your station.
Don't change your hair colour too often.
Splurge only on classic clothes and accessories.
Use hot water to soften stuck nail polish.
Determine if you have specialized issues that need to be addressed such as dandruff, artificial coloring, permanent waves, ethnic hair, natural curls or thinning hair.
Add the needed quantity of Vaseline and honey into the bowl.
Add lipstick.
Choose a longer dark wash denim dress to stay formal.
Roll up the Left end towards you.
Visit dance venues.
Clean glass surfaces with a mild cleanser and a microfiber cloth.
Fix any unevenness, then style the hair as usual.
Confront negative thoughts.
Cut out a 1 in (2.5 cm) diameter felt circle.
Get out your basic hair dye tools.
Add powdered zinc oxide if you want the lotion to have SPF.
Apply a light tinting makeup/eye shadow to your eyelids.
Thread the wire through your first bead.
Take the waist measurement across the narrowest part of the torso.
Press the fake nail onto the glue and hold it for 30-60 seconds.
Remove any excess gum with a pointy-ended tool dipped in olive oil.
Put lotion on your feet before bed.
Fill a water bottle with water and food coloring.
Fill your life with things you enjoy so you’re having fun.
Pair a knee-length dress with riding boots.
Apply a topcoat.
Walk in to a stall and lock the door.
Remove your hair ties or clips, holding your new sections in place.
Let the cornstarch sit on the stain for at least 1 hour.
Avoid exercising or sweating in shapewear.
Hang your linen to dry to avoid creasing.
Look for hair products containing mild natural scents.
Hang your hat up in a cool location.
Next examine the fabric.
Secure the two sides of thread.
Wear a blazer or cardigan.
Shop premium brands for the widest shade selection.
Sit on the basin.
Change the way you physically carry yourself.
Backcomb.
Shampoo, condition and then rinse as usual.
Shape your eyebrows.
Tie your hair back with a rubber hair tie.
Style your hair normally.
Determine the kind of replacement wheels you need.
Store your tungsten jewelry separately.
Avoid pools, hot tubs, and long baths.
Consider waterproof shoes.
Pair the dress with tights.
Locate a nudist community.
Develop personal integrity.
Apply brown eyeliner to the top lid.
Uncross your hands and pick up the shirt.
Consider piercing your naval.
Consider patterned ballet shoes or heels for an extra burst of color.
Buy essential oils.
Find a bag.
Move onto your lips.
Lay down tissue paper to cover the bottom and sides and let it run up over the rim.
Wrap 2 purple bands around your ring and middle fingers.
Separate the signs of an allergic reaction from infection.
Choose a bearded role model.
Consider how and when you will wear your slippers.
Stay away from contouring.
Cut the tube apart widthwise into several bracelets.
Press the outer side of your child's shoe to feel for your child's little toe.
Try different looks - with and without mascara, with and without lip gloss, etc.
Measure from 1 shoulder to the other on your back.
Browse the handbag search results.
Bring wellies for a muddy outdoor adventure.
Stand up straight with your shoulders back and your head forward.
Listen to your photographer.
Grow out your eyebrows if you have over plucked them.
Consume foods with Omega-3s.
Make it big enough to slide through, and hold the bracelet closed, the loop you made earlier.
Look for styles made for curvier figures.
Don't think too much about how you look.
Keep dress sneakers clean so they look good when you need them.
Smudge your eyeshadow upward if you have a monolid.
Be sure that you specify whether to use massage oils, creams, or lotions, and that the therapist knows of any skin allergies that you have.
Avoid buying an entire wardrobe of trendy pieces.
Don't take dangerous dares.
Use baby wipes.
Leave on its side at room temperature.
Use silica gel to protect your watches from humidity.
Invest in cool elastics.
Dutch braid your hair until you reach the back-center part.
Put the clippers back together.
Place cucumber slices on your eyes.
Take one cup of sage or 2/3 sage and 1/3 rosemary and add 3 cups of boiling water.
Wash your face before applying the toner.
Practice a predictable daily schedule.
Learn about scalp psoriasis.
Add a tie.
Apply a moisturizing lip balm.
Use your right hand to hold the excess fabric away from your body.
Consider piercing your nipple(s).
Knot the sides of your shirt at the front to create an on-trend look.
Decide how much hair you want to remove.
Brush your hair into a ponytail.
Wear necklaces and earrings instead of rings.
Store your watches in a cool, dry, dark environment.
Find role models with unique noses.
Fill the cream into your sterilized jars.
Look into getting hair transplants.
Apply heat (optional).
Wipe the monocular dry.
Hold your bun in place with chopsticks.
Give your shoes a break between wears.
Replace strenuous exercise with low-impact options.
Create a website to advertise your services.
Buy a powder shampoo if you're sensitive to smell.
Remove the laces.
Paint your fingers and toenails.
Dab a generous amount of petroleum jelly or vaseline onto your lips so that they are heavily coated.
Pull one side of the clasp up and the other side down.
Wash and dry the shirt.
Take the ring out and wipe it with paper towel.
Now we are going to massage our client's legs and feet.
Avoid people that give you a negative image of yourself.
Get drying!.
Apply the polish on the boot, around the sides, heel and toe until the boot is dull.
Apply a light pink or peach blush to the apples of your cheeks.
Tighten the hat stretcher knob to make your hat wider.
Check the brand's sizing chart before making your purchase.
Make sure your shorts reach close to your knees and are not showing your upper thigh or butt.
Skip trimming your beard's length for at least a month.
Choose shorts with pockets that cover the back of your butt.
Keep your budget in mind.
Mix the strawberries, bee pollen, raw honey, mayonnaise, and lavender essential oil.
Dedicate another room to clothing storage if you're out of closet space.
Add a chic vibe to casual outfits with wellies.
Stick your neck out.
Use an antiseptic mouthwash.
Identify the Active Ingredient.
Reheat your first batch of lip balm and add some color or flavor to it.
Rinse your face using warm water and a soft face cloth.
Check the eyeshadow for freshness.
Plan ahead.
Wear clothing that you feel comfortable in.
Wear a statement scarf for a pop of color.
Consider laser therapy.
Fold the right leg all the way to the left side.
Put on the bra to check the fit.
Divide the chunk into three even sections.
Buff the sunglasses frames using the stage 3 side of the nail buffer.
Cut along the crease you made.
Cut fabric to the appropriate size.
Combine 1 part chlorine bleach with 4 parts water.
Create and secure your loop.
Cinch your skirt with a belt.
Unwind your hair from the tongs gently.
Dress flats up with blazers, or dress them down with jeans.
Choose a lighter vest if you want to look thinner.
Cover your bag in pins to give it a new design.
Look at what celebrities are wearing.
Apply the paste to your dark skin patch using the spoon or spatula.
Separate the hair into inch-sized (2.54 cm) squares.
Test any materials first.
See a psychologist.
Allow the adhesive to cure overnight then remove the tape.
Use your regular soap to wash your face and genital area and rinse them well.
Click the appropriate button that will take you to the service you'd like to share the amount of tasks with.
Juice one or two large beets.
Check first aid kits or craft supplies for cotton or gauze.
Remove all clips and comb the sections together.
Add the coconut oil.
Use gentle, chemical-free shampoo.
Try a button-down shirt.
Clean your eyelashes.
Put some of the shimmery white eyeshadow just underneath the arch of your eyebrows to give your brows an instant lift.
Avoid very cheap toothbrushes.
Pair your velvet leggings with a leather jacket.
Find the hollow to hemline measurement to get the dress length.
Use a sharp object instead.
Use a well-fitting bangle as a guide.
Have preppy clothes for your lazy days.
Pour the almond, sesame, and avocado oils to the beeswax mixture.
Use a unique umbrella.
Pour the cold coffee over your hair, ensuring that you don't leave any parts of it dry.
Take shorter showers.
Check your schoolbag to make sure you have everything you need.
Allow the varnish to dry before you pull the bead off of the toothpick.
Cultivate interests.
Place rhinestone hair pins or combs in your hair.
Create additional folders with different images, name them for the tasks or meetings that you have, and place the icons on their respective days on the calendar.
Cuff your straight jeans to expose a sliver of ankle.
Hold the ponytail from the base of it and use your other hand to bring it into a ball and hold it.
Spread the collar and cuff flat before taking their circumference.
Cleanse your pores.
Curl the hair at the back of your head, if desired.
Take the string that you just finished tying.
Grind the petals with a mortar and pestle.
Shed your inhibitions.
Find the return address of any mail sent to you.
Mix 1 tablespoon of honey and 1 teaspoon of ground oatmeal.
Apply a good moisturizer for your skin type.
Position the yarn behind the beaded thread.
Wear silky shirts with shoulder length hair.
Add moisture to your hair.
Do not intentionally drop or strike your ring.
Be a salon model.
Use a maximum of two colours for eyeshadow.
Sketch designs on paper to practice them before pasting them.
Use the softened pencil to color a spoolie brush.
Taking your stick or spatula, move the paste into the eyeshadow pot.
Use bearberry fruits or extract.
Use a sewing machine.
Choose to wear stilettos with your T-shirt dress to create an elegant outfit.
See a psychiatrist if you can’t stop licking your lips.
Let yourself shop afterward, reward yourself with going through with it.
Try on your shoe.
Intensify the colors of foods you choose: dark and bright ones -- for carotenoids, fiber, flavonoids.
Speak with your tattoo artist before the procedure.
Cut the hair.
Attach the band.
Add 2 tablespoons of Greek yogurt, 2 tablespoons (29.6 ml) of olive oil, and 2 tablespoons of honey.
Ask for a gift card.
Reduce the amount of clothing you buy.
Paint a stem.
Be prepared to pay.
Find a suitcase or a bag that is large enough for you to pack what you think you'll need.
Pick timeless role models.
Secure the bun in place.
Make the band or half moon big enough that you can fold the ends over to the bottom of the sole.
Get fit and healthy.
Buy two sizes when you order online.
Don't wear shoes that fit poorly for prolonged walking.
Add a jean jacket to your ensemble for a more rustic style.
Make sure your jewelry has the proper wearable area.
Lay your cashmere in the storage container.
Finish your eyes with a thin coat of mascara on the top and bottom.
Pour equal parts lemon juice and baking soda into a bowl.
Walk around.
Line your waterline with a nude shadow or liner.
Roll your braid into a bun at the nape of your neck.
Have tampons or sanitary pads in your purse.
Secure a safety pin to the elastic and pull it through the casing.
Add elastic to one panel.
Close the ring using pliers.
Use high-top sneakers to elongate your legs.
Remove your makeup after wearing it.
Wash your head daily with a gentle soap or shampoo.
Fill the hole with shoe sole adhesive.
Rinse the mixture off with warm water after 15 to 30 minutes, and then gently pat your face dry.
Avoid chemical treatments.
Braid the pigtails and secure them with clear hair elastics.
Wear heels or wedges for an elegant look.
Massage the scar gently.
Try facial yoga to gain facial muscle tone.
Go for a bold color for a fashion statement.
Have clear skin.
Comb the bangs down so you can see if they are even across.
Protect hair from the sun.
Trace over the design outline with henna.
Insert the t-hook on your bow tie into the hole next to the right number.
Try baking soda.
Use a humidifier.
Fold the fabric in half, wrong side facing out.
Apply a small amount (dime sized) of Bumble and Bumble Defrizz to wet hair.
Make a quick oatmeal mask.
Try a wide variety of lash types if you have almond eyes.
Garden during the middle of the day to help reduce bug bites.
Drink 8 glasses of water a day.
Sleep in your hair mask if your hair is very dry.
Spread some super glue over the front of the clip-on earring backs.
Repeat this process twice per month for best results.
Add the finishing touch - powder your face again.
Rinse the ring thoroughly in warm running water.
Do not soak wooden brushes.
Compare prices on different websites to get the best deals.
Cut out four pieces of cotton lining for each part; ensure cotton lining for sole is thicker than others.
Decide whether to use liquid or kohl eyeliner -- this choice could change your whole look.
Mash up a banana, and add 2 tbsp of honey and a few drops of almond or vanilla oil.
Place larger stones along the client's spine and shoulders.
Eliminate stains from most bathroom surfaces by using a magic eraser.
Remember, Leather Boots + Leg Warmers = ADORABLE!.
Ask about professional filling products to cover your scalp.
Hold onto several pairs of formal and casual pants.
Avoid rubbing wet hair with a towel.
Fold the top towel down to expose their chest and neck.
Now for the finale!.
Carpenter's glue.
Add to a suitable container for storage.
Move on to a one-point fold.
Check department stores.
Lay out 2 paper towels to cover your workstation.
Wear your jeans with a pair of heels.
Gently scrub any gems, glass beads, or metal elements.
Boil the water.
Stop and focus on any sore spots.
Look online at the selection available at several stores.
Massage your scalp 1-2 times a week to encourage growth.
Sew the straps in place.
Eat healthy foods to strengthen your hair.
Sew the end of your rickrack to the first 1 or 2 loops.
Place the rose petals each side of the brick.
See a dermatologist to find out if there's an underlying problem.
Use the white eyeshadow as a brow highlight as well.
Use dental tape.
Remove dirt from cut gem earrings with a toothpick.
Pour the onion juice into a clean spray bottle if you had it stored.
Add a cravat to a casual polo shirt.
Clean your tools.
Beware of stylists who want to brush out your curls while they're wet.
Brush your hair straight back, away from your face.
Choose an unscented beard balm if you don't like strong fragrances.
Dismiss wait staff and other “help.” These peasants are the lowest of the low in your opinion.
Curl your curls.
Do a stress relief steam.
Check the fit every other month and replace your bra if needed.
Pour the avocado oil into a bottle.
Contact your dental office if you suspect something is wrong with your teeth.
Leave the bag in the air overnight.
Decide on the tattoo.
Add more honey and/or oil as needed to achieve a creamy consistency.
Watch for swelling and irritation that could signal an infection.
Make a water bath.
Balance out your outfit.
Dip the back of a fake diamond into eyelash glue.
Rinse out the henna mixture thoroughly with lukewarm water.
Pick an exercise routine you love.
Go to a dermatologist if you develop new moles on your skin.
Apply the scrub to your face.
Use a blush and bronzer, if you wish.
Pour the liquid mixture into the container.
Allow the pads to soak up the water while you take a shower.
Roll the bandana into a headband.
Double check that it is okay to donate these items.
Take jewelry off before you shower, swim, or get into a hot tub.
Double the number to get the full sleeve width or your approximate arm width.
Don’t try to match your eye shadow to your outfit.
Write out every hour of the day on a piece of paper starting with the hour you wake up.
Use bleach to keep white clothes bright and clean.
Opt for chunky jewelry if you have slimmer hips.
Always consult labels for directions and precautions on caring for each garment.
Pat dry gently with a soft toweling cloth.
Avoid swimming for 4 days, then wear a swim cap in chlorinated water.
Be careful with thrift store and consignment shops.
Crisscross the straps at the front and back for an off-the-shoulder look.
Dab Vaseline on your eyebrows to tame and thicken them.
Create 2 French braids on either side of the crown of your head.
Trade Out That Ugly Puffy Jacket For A Cute Puffer Vest!.
Collect your supplies.
Apply a moisturizing cream.
Pull the bathing suit up your torso.
Select 1 or 2 wallet fabric(s).
Create an inventory of the wallet’s contents.
Wear tights or tall boots with a hemline that is at or above your knees.
Wrap the dental floss around your finger, up to your knuckle.
Purchase a septum retainer after 6-8 weeks.
Get enough sleep to banish dark circles.
Hold a shield under your eyes while you're applying mascara.
Mix some baking soda in with your shampoo if #1 by itself is not effective.
Understanding the blowout haircut.
Stick to summer as the season for slides.
Collect everything you will need.
You have a complete, natural look.
Begin the left knots.
Boil for 3-5 minutes, depending on how strong you would like your scent to be.
Select classic silhouettes, colors, and fabrics.
Have a damp, clean hair.
Remember you can change your look but it's not always good to change your personality if you want to fit in, so, with that being said, be yourself.
Slip on a blazer on to add some style to your work ensemble.
Apply the remainder of your potion to the rest of your hair.
Add some lemon juice for a brightening effect.
Place the sponge in a dish of water.
Rinse the slipcover until the water runs clear.
Let the soap mixture sit for about 2 hours, stirring occasionally.
Put the cream on your anal area for hemorrhoids and other irritation.
Channel your inner boss by wearing booties with a trenchcoat and dress.
You don't have to fit in.
Pick knee-high boots to make a statement outfit.
First of all, get a good lubricant: Vitamin E oil (jar or pill form), jojoba oil, olive oil, or emu oil are commonly used.
Wind the watch daily.
Keep your knees together and put your feet on the ground.
Look for sales and explore thrift stores.
Wait 30 minutes.
Separate .5 to 2 inches (1.3 to 5.1 cm) sections of each layer.
Make a contents page.
Start braiding!.
Put on your rubber gloves before applying the abrasive to your plastic lenses and take the lenses out of your glasses.
Use glue to attach each of these panels to the inside of the cover.
Say hello to spotless gorgeous glowing skin!.
Keep flip flops out of any dog's sight.
Opt for a darker wash and no-nonsense heel for work.
Watch what you eat.
Exfoliate your lips once a week with a scrub.
Seek medical care if you have a severe reaction to a skin care product.
Look into permanent makeup.
Wait 10 minutes.
Secure your bun.
You will need batting for the middle layer.
Be creative but professional when dressing for a job interview.
Dip the hairbrush in the water.
Get help from someone.
Include a copy of your itinerary in your luggage.
Eat a balanced diet to keep your hair healthy.
Belt a heavy wool coat for winter.
Clean your clothes.
Consult your doctor if you believe you have hyperhidrosis.
Locate the "See how many tasks you've completed" link, that will be the only link inside the Remember the Milk News message during this time.
Pin the fabric in place.
Employ concealer to cover the stubble.
Measure your P.D.
Always wear clean clothes.
Detangle the knots.
Look for beads and buttons in craft stores.
Don’t be self-conscious about asking people to hang out.It’s not always easy to reach out, especially when you haven’t seen this person in a while or your last attempt to make plans was unsuccessful.
Unsnap your wrap and position it so the loop is along the bottom.
Grab three small sections right by your part.
Braid your hair.
Exercise for about 30 minutes a day.
Slick your hair back for a smooth, stylish look.
Prep your hair with gel or mousse.
Tease your ponytail.
Make your brows thicker.
Make it a conversational piece.
Dilute the oil before use.
Repeat the above step with the next section of hair.
Compare all of the prices of the cosmetic wholesalers you contacted.
Hold the center with one hand while you use the other hand to locate one of the strings.
Ask someone to start the timer for you.
Place the hot comb on a heat-resistant surface.
Come up with a sorting system.
Learn the qualities of each denier range.
Throw on a cardigan if you're pear shaped.
Accessorize suspenders with jewelry.
Sew the pocket pieces to the pant pieces, if you made them.
Shoes --the right pair can make a difference in an ensemble.
Skip the blouse and cardigan and head straight for the pull-over sweaters.
Add the essential oil drops to the Castile soap.
Add detail to the shoes.
Wash the wax out of your hair.
Add 3 teaspoons of almond oil to the mixture.
Refrain from chewing ice cubes or hard candies.
Wear a long coat to narrow down your silhouette.
Avoid activities that could damage your nails.
Break in stiff shoes by wearing them for short periods.
Use a damp clean white cloth to remove the product.
Consider the healthiness of your hair.
Use a straight razor.
Fold the cloth in half.
Get your child a pair of UV-blocking sunglasses.
Research the technology.
Be aware that UV rays are linked to skin cancer.
Rinse the coffee and henna out of your hair before shampooing.
Examine the stitching.
Determine the difference between this shoe and your normal size.
Cut 2 pieces of plush faux fur.
Use the tape as a guide to extend the line past the corner of your eye.
Look online for some great mail in or drop-box possibilities.
Push the flower into the buttonhole until the stem is not visible.
Cosmetics - Make up most of the time cause large pores, acne and spots, but to prevent thing like this from happening, wash your face and moisturize (use baby lotion to give you soft, smooth skin) every night before going to sleep.
Line the bar up in the center slot if you’re wearing a shield.
Get dressed.
Measure about 1/3 of the leaves and place it on the side.
Avoid stress.
Straight leg/ Boot Cut jeans are the best for this body type.
Unzip your blanket sleeper anytime you are wearing it.
Select tapered end lashes if you have hooded eyes.
Apply mascara to play up your lashes.
Apply moisturizers.
Apply your makeup - As most girls do, you’ll immediately look in the mirror and go... ‘Yuck!’ Well that’s why companies such as Revlon, Cover Girl and M.A.C were created.
Inquire about the diamond setting.
Press down on the band release button.
Hold the middle part of the shirt with your other hand.
Divide your hair into multiple mini Dutch braids to do cornrows.
If you have a cell phone, call the police at the same time as continuing to walk to somewhere safe.
Buy form-fitting clothes to accentuate your figure.
Mix hot water and fabric softener in a spray bottle.
Choose your favorite micro, Brazilian or string bikini to wear to the pool or beach.
Use a suede brush to sweep away the powder.
Place the drill tip at the base of the nail tip and turn on the drill.
Even when something is too small, look and see if you can turn it into something else.
Apply the oil before bedtime.
Add a bit of darker than normal base to your cleavage to give the depth that one sees on big busted women.
Check with your doctor.
Buy yourself some lovely lingerie!.
Use the edge of your thumbnail to scrape off every trace of nail polish that did not make it onto your actual nail.
Shop around: Check on the Internet, yellow pages and local newspapers for massage courses being offered in your area.
Polish stainless steel.
Stuff the shoes with newspaper.
Turn the clothing inside out.
Sit in the sun after going swimming in a chlorinated pool.
Wear a scarf that matches your velvet booties in colder weather.
Brush your shoes with a suede brush.
Get specific shoes for sports and physical activity.
Check for any loose threads.
Exfoliate twice a week.
Wash the mask out with water.
Create a high-neck, open-back style by twisting the straps together at the back.
Continue with your usual hair routine.
Buy a few trendy tops.
Make a 1960s inspired ponytail.
Keep your wristwear simple with a leather cuff bracelet or chunky watch.
Try Converse shoes for a quirky look.
Place the center of the folded fabric on the back of your head.
Dry the hair.
Select a suitable hairstyle.
Buy that pair of shoes that you always liked but never bought, buy a hot top, or a skirt if you normally wear jeans!.
Get a good face wash. Use it when you get up in the morning, and before you go to bed.
Avoid specific foods and drinks that can increase body odor.
Carefully shave your pubic hair.
Soak pumice stones, the kind used in pedicures, in laundry bleach overnight.
Wash your hands when you’re done.
Sew the fabric together.
Choose a comfortable pair to wear around the house.
Use facial products that have added moisturizers.
Clean and disinfect your mascara tube and brush.
Avoid mismatching colors and styles.
Apply a coat of mascara to your top lashes and your bottom lashes.
Paint it again.
Visit a board-certified dermatologist.
Fold the unsewn top end down slightly.
Stuff your bra with socks or tissues for a small amount of padding.
Choose the right coats:.
Add dye in the proportions indicated on your package.
Focus on the length of the shorts for the best fit.
Fill a large plastic container with 1 in (2.5 cm) of rice.
Wear a hat and clothing to help protect your skin.
Remove your nipple piercing jewelry temporarily.
Add a touch of black to the top and right side of your umbrella.
Facial is complete.
Take a paint brush or a spatula and apply a mineral-rich mud or clay, and smooth it all over your client's face.
Strain the dying material.
Slip one piece of the shoelace or ribbon through the straw.
Pick your cut.
Test the hat before attaching the adhesive to it.
Use a purple shampoo weekly to help tone your hair.
Purchase your pouf.
Pass the ends under the watch.
Scoop out a bit of wax with your index, middle, and ring finger.
Wash your face twice a day and after you sweat to keep the skin clean.
Fold the top t-shirt around the top layer of clothing.
In a kettle, boil the water.
Rotate the boxers 180 degrees.
Upgrade a braided headband into a half-up style.
Seal off your house.
Exercise 4-5 times a week to strengthen your muscles.
Avoid foods that can lead to puffiness.
Tighten the knot by pulling on the loose ends.
Contrast your slouchy jeans with a pair of nice heels or brogues.
Do the same for all the sections.
Avoid hot styling tools until your hair is healthy again.
Continue adding and adorning pins to form a chain.
Collect ⁄2 cup (120 mL) of rose petals in a medium-sized bowl.
Keep it fashionable.
Zipper down the zipper to the garment, until it reaches the terminus at near the base of the sack.
Store your jewelry properly.
Allow your waves to set.
Air dry clothes you're worried about shrinking.
Style outfits that have prints or patterns with solid colored scarves.
Sew each loop together across the bottom of your rickrack.
Place the pouch beside your computer or someplace nearby.
Apply light layers of foundation.
Consider measuring your hand span.
Turn on the hot  water in your shower.
Make a loop.
Start the dryer and check the hoodie every 15 minutes until it’s dry.
Put your hair into sections.
Buy a shampoo with peppermint or eucalyptus to stimulate hair growth.
Break up the compact powder so that you can dump it out.
Create the second braid on the left side of your head.
Take time to rest when your body is feeling worn down.
Trim your fabric in line with your measurements, using either a rotary cutter or a sharp pair of fabric scissors.
Belt your coat to make the jacket more fitted.
Work your fingertips in circular motions behind the ears.
Start at the bottom.
Grasp the end of the wax strip and rip it off.
Eat mindfully.
Elongate your body by wearing maxi skirts.
Make sure your razor is sharp before you begin.
Jeans that "run small" : This set of jeans are running small mainly through the hips and thighs but may still work well if you are curvy depending on how you are built.
Add a wide leather belt with your maxi skirt to accentuate your waist.
Don't hold back on your eyeshadow color.
Avoid touching your face and squeezing blemishes.
Try on the dress.
Repeat this process for the other boot.
Remember that work boots aren't supposed to be a fashion statement.
Circle the events that are very important with a highlighter.
Gather all your hair into a ponytail.
Enter your passcode.
Form your plan.
Go for an elegant abstract design.
If you have long bangs or hair that covers the area that you're drawing in, pin it back--it is a major frustration drawing with your hair all in the way.
Start with a basic moisturizing cream and some light concealer.
Plan a grand opening party.
Enhance your summer look by adding strappy sandals.
Exercise and keep fit.
Take your jeans to a tailor for a better fit.
Take an angled brush.
Lay the tank out facedown.
Close the bottle, then shake it to mix the two together.
Make your own gentle hair tie with pantyhose.
Exercise.
Don't wear expensive jewelry.
Align the sides and bottom edges of pieces #3 and #4 and pin in place.
Open up the Overview page, if you aren't already there by default.
Take the difference between your band size and your bust size to find your cup size.
Relieve your work and life stress every day.
Trim your fingernails regularly.
Choose a milder relaxer.
Rinse in warm water, then gradually cooler water until water runs clear.
Mix and match faux fur coats and accessories carefully.
Read the cut description to see how the pants will fit when they’re worn.
Get a tropical tan, you can rub on the fake stuff, hit the sun beds (responsibly) or book a flight somewhere hot.
Try stage makeup.
Put a humidifier in your bedroom.
Roll the pinned end of the saree a few times to adjust the length.
Take a compliment.
Disinfect the irritated area with rubbing alcohol or hydrogen peroxide.
Use a liquid liner to obscure the tape.
Try on the bust piece to ensure it fits snugly.
Trim it extra short for the five-o'clock shadow.
Enjoy your sundress!.
Wind down at the end of each day with a relaxing and cleansing shower before you go to bed.
Try the string method if lubrication doesn’t work.
Pin your pattern piece(s) carefully in place.
Apply deep tissue pressure to the sides of the neck.
Wash your hair less frequently to reduce breakage.
Never use hot water.
Buy natural indigo powder online or from a natural food store.
Leave with a prescription and your PD.
Style as usual and enjoy your moisturized hair.
Use one hand to knead the muscles in your opposite shoulder.
Show your personality.
Follow the instructions outlined on your device.
Use herbal scents to make a crisp, clean scent.
Place a hair tie at the base of the thick chunk of hair behind your shoulders to create a ponytail.
Wash out with gentle shampoo and warm water.
Rinse your hair under cool water.
Rub the paste in with a cloth.
Zipper up or re-button the garment from the bottom up to a more-closed position at the top of the garment.
Clean the closet.
Don't scrub your skin harshly.
Invest in your teeth, and maintain your skin.
Accentuate the eye shadow.
Get into the tub and soak for no more than 20 minutes.
Gather your hair into a high ponytail.
Bleach your shoes.
Avoid burning yourself with the wax.
Use an eye gel to prevent puffy eyes.
Make the bath as quick as possible.
Drink plenty of water throughout the day.
Use a leather-stretching spray while wearing the boots for a custom fit.
Check the products you use to see if they are organically certified.
Use piercing retainers for a lowkey profile.
Have hair elastics and headbands to keep your hair out of your face.
Make a papaya and yogurt mask to lighten dark spots in 1 treatment.
Next, curl the hair in the Ponytail in small sections.
Eat olives.
Switch your moisturizers.
Allow the sweater to air-dry completely before wearing it again.
Apply a thin coat of black mascara to upper and lower lashes.
Tweeze any excess hair..
Pull out the braids in the morning.
Fill the plastic basin or tub with warm water.
Don't wear your blanket sleeper's hood if the garment contains one.
Regularly manicure your nails.
Use a powder puff or a brush to apply loose powder.
Buy a neutral skater skirt to wear to work.
Heat the oil and beeswax.
Buy quality underwear.
Buy liquid eyeliner.
Purchase a moisturizer for your skin type.
Find someone to help you shave.
Hang your DIY bra hanger as desired.
Tie the arms in front of your chest if you want a cute look.
Avoid the sun.
Measure the wearer's height.
Practice on fruit.
Chop the sleeves off, making them bigger in the back of the shirt.
Schedule regular cleanings.
Use for massaging as needed.
Choose dark colors that will most effectively cover your old tattoo.
Continue wearing your shirt until it dries.
Wear an oversized sweater with fitted pants for a cozy outfit.
Add the essential oils to the bottle.
Wear the earrings.
Measure around your wrist and add 2 in (5.1 cm) to find your cuff size.
Choose a skirt length that is appropriate for the event.
Keep the lines defined.
Look into a Brazilian blowout.
Go to sleep.
Get a piece of plain copy paper.
Pour a cap full of vinegar into each cup and stir it with a spoon.
Take your measurements with you when you go shopping.
Apply a natural blusher.
Take a smaller brush-preferably a slanted brush (one that the hairs on one side are shorter than the other side so it looks like a wedge)and connect the areas you applied the powder to with the same powder.
Manage stress with relaxation techniques.
Wear darker clothes.
Look at the implements used.
Sit in the sun.
Put Vaseline on your eyelashes to give them more volume.
Tie your scarf as a belt.
If you pare it down to the absolute basics, all you need is a saw and a drill, but to do the job right you really need:.
Try a dry shampoo if you don't have time to wash your hair.
Begin a Dutch braid.
Invest in a single-breasted jacket or blazer to dress up your work outfits.
Wipe your mascara wand on the rim of the bottle to remove any excess.
Pour all of the ingredients into an empty spray bottle.
Don’t pick food particles out of the sockets.
Clean up.
Dab the concealer with your fingers or blending sponge to blend.
Leave to dry.
Heat the emulsifying wax and olive oil mixture in a microwave for 1 minute, or until it reaches 155 degrees Fahrenheit (68 C).
Learn about a few socialites and artists living in NYC.
You should brush your jewelry daily if you want to prevent plaque build-up.
Block off the areas you don't want glittered with pieces of tape.
Avoid overusing yellow if you have the wrong skin tone.
Apply this mixture to the hair you'd like to color.
Apply some lip balm to get rid of dryness and smooth your lips.
Remove the glue or gum with peanut butter once you don't want to wear the latex.
Buy good tops.
Trim your nails short and square if you wear black nail polish with any outfit.
Wear the bralette under a semi-sheer sweater.
Take a bright pink blusher and sweep it over your cheekbones.
If you have to splurge on the essentials, then by all means do so!.
Pair jeans and a T-shirt with statement shoes for a simple look.
Wear everyday clothes.
Take a wheat grass or chlorophyll supplement.
Wash your hair as usual with the African black soap shampoo.
Try papaya.
Go for an informal look with a leather jacket.
Open {"smallUrl":"https:\/\/www.wikihow.com\/images\/1\/12\/Iphoneimessageapp.png","bigUrl":"https:\/\/www.wikihow.com\/images\/1\/12\/Iphoneimessageapp.png","smallWidth":460,"smallHeight":460,"bigWidth":760,"bigHeight":760,"licensing":"<div class=\"mw-parser-output\"><p>I edited this screenshot of an iOS icon.\n<\/p><p>License: <a rel=\"nofollow\" class=\"external text\" href=\"http:\/\/en.wikipedia.org\/wiki\/Fair_use\">Fair Use<\/a><br>\n<\/p><\/div>"} Messages.
Rinse out thoroughly.
Don't hang out with dangerous people.
Keep your make-up simple.
Apply leave-in conditioner at least once a week.
Walk with pride.
Lift weights to build leg muscles.
Explore the contours of the body with long slow strokes over the back and legs evolving to harder probing strokes on the shoulders and arms.
Opt for neutral-toned loafers to give off a classy vibe.
Ask about laser and radio-frequency treatments.
Close all of the buttons spread the shirt out on a flat surface.
Use colored hairspray as an alternative to chalk.
Get the crease wet and pull.
Wrap it up tightly when you leave the shower unless you want to put the body lotion on your hair.
Try a zigzag stitch on your sewing machine.
Add hair from the other side.
Try different products.
Begin weaving the strings.
Finish your lower lashes.
Cut the loofah edges down to a small hand-held shape.
Stop braiding when you are 1 inch (2.54 centimeters) away from the nape of your neck.
Have the right attitude!.
Turn your garments inside-out to prevent fading.
Wear your hair up more often.
Apply one to two coats of mascara to the top set of lashes.
Use ample shaving cream.
Keep your hands warm with gloves or mittens.
Pack your bedding.
Make sure any underwires are comfortable.
Aim to wear more flats.
Comb your hair properly.
Fold both sleeves inward.
Only buy clothes that you’re likely to wear.
Use the herb infused witch hazel.
Wear a regular, low cut bra if you’re layering over the cami.
Roll up socks and stuff them into the toes of the shoes for a gentle stretch.
Put 1 to 2 tablespoons (15 to 30 mL) of aloe vera gel into a bowl.
Try a tension ring setting for security.
Using a lipstick that matches the liner, fill in your lips.
Continue weaving the strands back and forth.
Wrap a piece of aluminum foil around the loop of your hair.
Know why petroleum jelly helps lashes.
Change your clothing and bedding regularly.
Check for a red piece of cloth on the inside heel.
Put the oats into the item of choice for containing the oats.
Allow your purse to air dry.
Apply the mixture to your grey hair using your fingers or a dye brush.
Place rollers in the rest of your hair.
Blot the backpack with a towel and let it air-dry.
Wear sandals with your maxi skirt for a beachy summer vibe.
After a little rest, simply wash the sugar and oil mixture off your hands.
Leave on for 15 to 20 minutes.
Scrub the jewelry with a soft toothbrush.
Start forming the pomp.
Clip the pullers onto each side of your zip.
Select decent walking shoes.
Read a book or magazine.
Pick a scarf to add pizzazz.
Make your own prom dress.
You need to then move the strings on your right hand down to your middle finger and your ring finger.
Use hair gel to keep your bun secure.
Lighten dark circles.
Choose laser hair removal if you have dark hair and light skin.
Avoid liposuction and other fat removal surgery.
Wear T-shirts which cover your whole shoulder.
Buy bleach.
Restore chapped or dried lips with a DIY lip scrub.
Apply a thin layer of antibacterial ointment inside your nose.
Take about 2 tablespoons of sandalwood powder in a bowl.
Use grapefruit on rough elbows.
Mix the cream base and apricot kernel oil together.
Consider putting the bra in with fabrics with other lightweight items.
Use an egg yolk mask for your hair.
Style your bangs.
Wipe (don't rub) the cleanser off with a wet, cold flannel.
Scrub your abdomen with coffee grounds.
Identify your hair type.
Find a store that sells leather by the strip.
Build up your chest.
Add olive oil to Epsom salt.
Try hair mascara if you want to add streaks or touch up your roots.
Sleep on top of the sheets and blankets of your bed when you wear a blanket sleeper during the night when your body is "stable" from cooling and warming trends.
Add some flowers if you'd like to add a touch of freshness.
Since estrogen levels are lowered in your 60s, it is very much visible on your skin in form of crows feet, wrinkles and blemishes.
Fix your hair.
Wear socks with your shoes.
You could also make a bracelet matching your favorite cartoon or movie, a friendship bracelet or a hearts-to-hearts bracelet.
Decide whether you want a custom or a flash piece.
Finish with a more vibrant color.
Apply the hair mask about once a month.
Add five inches (12.5cm) to this measurement, rounding up to the nearest even whole number.
After a long day it's essential to remove all your makeup.
Enlarge the look of your lips.
Paint a design on your face with brightly-colored grease paint.
Apply a good foundation.
Take a shower first.
Determine if the person is stalking you.
Purchase large, zip lock style plastic bags.
Apply chapstick or a soft colored lip gloss, but not too much, just apply a dot of lip gloss on the center of your lips and blend with your fingers, so it looks very little.
Put in some chocolate (optional), especially dark chocolate - make sure it's in a Ziploc bag as well.
Spray the leather outer surfaces of your boots.
Discuss the look you want.
Stretch 1 long and 3 shorter tzitzit strings side by side, making the ends even on one side.
Launder your clothes regularly.
Stand with your face in or close to the steam for about 5 minutes.
Weave across the back of the safety pins.
Receive additional treatments if necessary.
Transfer the coffee to a large container.
Include a page, or even a few pages, of flash tattoo designs that you have created at the back of your portfolio.
Apply the hairspray lightly onto the tattoo.
Find a concealer that is right for your skin tone.
Set the onesie face down in the center of the board.
Make your next appointment.
Alternately stroke down the nose with your thumbs, then gently rub around the nose tip and nostrils.
Find a base coat.
Take a section of hair from behind one ear and braid upward.
Choose a larger frame if you've never worn glasses.
Take a plate and pour some liquid dishwashing detergent.
Try a side-bang oval layered cut for dense, coarse curls.
Pull the elastic out.
Get in bed, use an eye mask.
Choose how many strings and colours you want the bracelet to be.
Use a round or boar bristle brush to smooth your hair.
Keep some lotion so you can put it on your face and hands.
Put on a long overcoat during chilly weather.
Pair the dress with a faux fur jacket to keep you warm.
Wear a nude lip.
Take the image and put it in Microsoft Powerpoint.
Clean your skin morning and night.
Purchase some stretching spray.
Tie an overhand knot at the end of your bracelet when you are finished.
While holding the strap, wrap the Obi around the waist 2 times.
Place a shirt face down centered on panel B.
Choose a dark, elegant color for your dress.
Thongs: I tried using nylon rope from the hardware store for the thongs, but it's not very comfortable.
While wearing the overalls, use a pen to mark the inseam.
Look clean and polished.
Curl the top layer of your hair from the roots, if desired.
Always have good personal hygiene.
Challenge assumptions at the doctor's office.
Add clothes you can wear after gym.
Take a round, stubby brush and apply it in circular motions on your cheeks, then on your chin, then forehead, then nose.
Use your fingers to apply the gel to your hair, starting at mid-shaft.
Put like colors together if you are washing other clothing.
Cut back on processed food, junk food, and fast food.
Whip the mixture with a hand blender.
Eyes teamed with bold make up looks fun and super glamorous!.
Don’t be afraid to experiment with your make-up; your hair may look much better with a different color lipstick or eye shadows.
Wear a mouth guard to prevent grinding your teeth at night.
Know the parts of a bra.
Strain the contents of the pot through a coffee filter, a cheesecloth, or a piece of cotton fabric like a T-shirt, to remove solids.
Use a champagne color eye shadow which has a pearl texture on the inner corner and middle of your eyes.
Call the church and ask them about appropriate dress code.
Consider using heat to open your pores.
Get rid of pimples.
Use a dental scraper once a week.
Gain weight safely to achieve a chubbier appearance.
Try a honey and sour cream mask.
Exfoliate the area.
Get to work!.
Use a low irritant shampoo.
Rinse the paste out after the desired amount of time, then wash one last time with the shampoo and baking soda mixture from step #2.
Print the file, then reconnect to the internet.
Watch videos on sites such as YouTube.
Use your fingers to loosen the sections.
Run your hair to the center for a pseudo-mohawk.
Choose your look.
Set your curls with an aerosol hairspray.
Try to have a good balance of fun loving and hard working.
Break the habit of biting your nails.
Do not try to clean damaged jewellery, the problem can get worse.
Allow them to air dry for several hours.
Slide the straw and the shoelace through one of the notched openings in the sock.
Move around in your shirt to stretch it out even more.
Talk with your doctor or a medical professional about your concerns.
Consider adding a paper towel tube for the bracelets that need to be draped.You can take the tube out to remove the bracelets whenever you want.
Add bra.
Cut down the length of the toilet paper roll with scissors.
Cover your hairline with a protective balm.
Find support when you're on stairs or uneven surfaces.
Talk with a therapist.
Apply oil-free products while your hair is wet.
Make and use a simple scrub from oil, brown sugar, and honey.
Drape the scarf around the mannequin's shoulders.
Think about a platform or wedge heel.
Accessories: Earrings are fine.
Microwave the coconut oil and emulsifying wax.
Cut the waist-band at the top of each seam, and cuffs at the bottoms of the legs.
Pair black nail polish with silver.
Dry the shirt accordingly.
Repeat steps one and two.
Take your ring off when moisturizing.
Buy your shirts a little long.
Change your tampons and pads often during your period.
Express your individuality with your style.
If your regular hair products include silicones, clarify your hair.
Learn the triggers for psoriasis.
Tousle your curls, then mist them with hairspray.
Use a moisturizer!.
Test your new foundation.
Note 1960s style elements.
Understand tanning beds aren't safer.
Watch TV shows based in Manhattan.
Use a proxy brush.
Purchase a color remover kit from the drugstore or beauty supply store.
Try a citrus degreaser.
Use a good antiperspirant!.
Begin weaving the long end in.
Choose shoes, purses and clothes with colours that complement your skin and eyes.
Make a base coat with glue and water.
Put the pants in the washing machine.
Comb your hair back on top for an undercut-look.
Obtain about 3m (10 feet) of paracord.
Apply vaseline to your eyelashes.
Add a blazer and pumps to wear linen pants to work.
Draw the excess cloth back across the front of your body, pulling it tightly up against your waist.
Wash your face with buttermilk and a radiance revealing wash.
Try lightweight spandex bottoms that flatten your midsection.
Stand tall.
Add two or three small swipes of lipstick to the palm of your hand.
Pack any makeup that you use daily for quick fixes.
Throw on some accessories.
Pin your brooch to a headband or ribbon to wear it in your hair.
Consider asking for a prescription for InflammEnz.
Groom your lower abdomen regularly.
Use it as a lash conditioner.
Using the slightly darker grey eyeshadow, sweep it over the light grey with a small eyeshadow brush.
Dry your feet off well.
Once this is done, gently place client's feet to open-toed slippers, and wait 10 minutes for nails to dry.
Fix your hair - This part is every girl's worst nightmare.
Apply a thick layer of the paste to your skin.
Try taking a biotin supplement to promote stronger nails.
Take any oil available i.e.
Minimize your stress.
Protect your skin from the sun to avoid extra wrinkles.
Choose simple, classic jewelry.
Apply the sticker to your Pebble, avoiding capturing air bubbles (easier said than done).
Add paint.
Eat right.
Twist and loop the band across the tines of the fork.
Draw a line around the skirt where you need to cut it, then cut along that line.
Ask your doctor to check your thyroid.
Sprinkle cornstarch on the grease stain.
Marble your nails.
Sleep with your hair in braids.
Tie a scarf around your neck for color, coverage, and style.
Shower the night before you want to do you hair.
Color your brows with a pencil or gel.
Have your dentures or braces refitted.
Add heat.
Volumize limp hair with a root perm.
Get a blunt bob to create volume as the ends stack up on each other.
Know that your skin absorbs chemicals through pores.
Maintain good posture.
Use wispy bangs to soften up the hairstyle even more.
Measure the hem.
Cut across the line to crop the hoodie.
Start in your  closet.
Pour 1 cup (240 milliliters) of water into a dark, glass bottle.
Don't use a toothbrush cover.
Use a dark brown eye shadow to divide the areas between the eyelid and under the eyebrow.
Pour some water into a pan.
Look for shoes with enough room in the toe box.
Place stencil on the tights and tape in place.
Cut a piece of lace or tulle a few inches larger than your hoop.
Use workwear as casual wear.
Put pins through your belt loops for an eye-catching statement piece.
Skip the conditioner when you wash your hair.
Eat at the right times.
Start your diary entry with a new title.
Nourish your skin the way Nicky Hilton does: Massage vitamin C into your face.
Dress up your skinny or slouchy pink cords with a silky leopard tank.
Drape the other leg over the first one.
Opt for a quiff with 5 inches (13 cm) on top.
Eat spinach.
Wear a hat or a wig.
Protect your skin with sunscreen to minimize discoloration.
Do not stretch, pull, or twist skin after getting a tattoo.
Harvest aloe from a plant for the best results.
Take your earrings out as soon as you get home.
Remove your makeup with petroleum jelly; that's how Jennifer Lopez cleans and moisturizes her face at the same time.
Take the laces out of your shoes to keep them from getting discolored.
Style as usual.
Wear pastels for an “Under the Sea” theme.
Brush and style your hair.
Add the product into a small container of your choice, and clean up the edges.
Use a foundation that matches your skin.
Create self-esteem.
Opt for a shaggy-chic style to support a fuller, more bohemian style.
Lay out your fabric according to the pattern recommendation.
Try not to push them up on your nose by sticking your finger on the nosepiece (right between your eyes) if they're wire-framed.
Add your essential oil.
Read customer reviews to determine how the jacket will fit.
Use an elastic band if you want to extend the waistband of a pair of jeans.
Sterilize the cup between periods by boiling it.
Put on an interesting accessory.
Tap all the way around the ring with a rawhide hammer.
Put 'em together!.
Lightly smooth your lips together until the color looks even.
Wear tights with mesh panels to stay dry during a run.
Learn about alternative treatments.
Add two tablespoons of olive oil, One and a half tablespoons of avocado oil, one tablespoon of jojoba oil.
Include moderate exercise daily.
Make an exfoliating scrub.
Wrap your hair around the chopstick.
Finally, wash it out with clear water and vinegar (this helps set the color) until it runs clear.
Bring the straps in towards the middle.
Match your capelet to your pants for a preppy vibe.
Repeat this process once a week or as needed.
Wipe the brush with a clean, dry cloth.
Drape your scarf over your hair as a headwrap.
Try a menswear look by adding a tweed or plaid blazer.
Ask if there is a professional that you can talk to even if you have found a product you may want to try.
Transfer the cream to a glass jar, then store it in a cool place.
Check with the store to see if they have the style of jeans that you want.
Find a fusion method that does not damage hair.
Wear a long unbuttoned coat over a cocktail dress for a night out.
Wear plastic gloves.
Use a panty liner for extra protection if you use a tampon or cup.
Hang some framed artwork to either side of the mirror if you have room.
Don't over-do the make up.
Be an expert in your field.
Confirm that the clothing is really vintage.
Take a stuffed animal or stress ball.
Pin a brooch to your turtleneck for a classic, elegant accessory.
Use a natural acid to bring your hair into an acidic pH range, if your hair is naturally oily.
Check online.
Press your thumb against the clasp.
Spend time exercising to feel fit and strong.
Display items by hanging them in a portable closet.
Apply a toning color gloss if your hair color looks brassy.
Stay comfortable and casual by wearing sneakers with your poncho.
Test the foundation on your skin.
Maintain a healthy diet that includes whole foods.
Consider doing some yoga and meditation.
Show off your smarts.
Wear booties to keep your feet warm but stylish.
Try a bird dog stretch to strengthen your back and abdominal muscles.
Think about the cost of the program and what you can afford.
Make it easier to open nail polish bottles.
Let your feet breathe in the summer by wearing sandals.
Stick rolled ties inside your shoes.
Accessorize with scarves and jackets to hide your bag as it expands.
File the top layer of the gel nails.
Soak your pre-cleaned swimsuit in warm water.
Choose a bubble wand if you want to blow bubbles.
Use a light metallic for light brown eyes.
Contact the handbag's manufacturer directly to confirm specific features.
Use clear gel or hairspray to set the style, and use a few bobby pins for baby/flyaway hairs.
Over low heat, continue stirring the soap mixture until everything is combined and the water begins to evaporate.
Try a filler injection.
Gently squeeze out extra water after the rinse.
Take showers daily.
Separate the wires about 15 inches (38 cm) and strip them about 6 inches (15 cm) each.
Prepare your bath and soak in it for as long as you want.
Talk to your health care provider.
Use a dark filter.
Place the stencil on top of your fingernail.
Choose a corset cover for the simplest option.
Hang the clothes to dry rather than putting them in the dryer.
Avoid pressure during the night.
Choose a nursing bra with flaps that open and close easily with one hand.
Check to see that the bra doesn't slide over your breasts.
Consider self tanning products.
Add a small calendar and pen.
Match a cropped sweater with a shoulder bag for a cute look.
Sit outside in bright sunshine.
Reduce the amount of stress in your life.
Maintain good hygiene.
Change your clothing daily.
Take care of your hygiene and grooming.
Color your design.
Next, add 1/4 teaspoon of essential oil or a liquid perfume.
Dress and look your best.
Mix aloe vera gel with vitamin E oil if you have aging skin.
Have a good understanding of what leather is.
Right after you get out of the shower put your hair up in a towel and wrap your body up.
Spot clean using soapy water.
Wear your hair curly to school.
Fold the top section of the sleeper backwards onto the currently-folded portion, which has been wrapped up now.
Find the inner you and only put one what looks best on you.
Rub your skin with aloe vera for a soothing way to lighten it.
Put the toothbrush in a dry place.
Decide if you are going to do a "regular", Alpha, or Kumihimo bracelet.
Wash and dry the area where the tattoo will go.
Polish your amber with olive oil.
Be aware of vintage clothing dates and quality variations.
Check out the competition.You'll need to know what they're offering and what price points they have chosen.
Don’t chemically treat your hair for 1 month prior to getting a perm.
Draw a pattern.
Rinse with water and soap.
Plan out some outfits.
Wear your jeans with more casual shoes.
Put the powder into an airtight container.
Don't throw temper tantrums.
Get 2 cups of water and bring it to a boil.
You should now have polish-free cuticles and a super-neat manicure (or pedicure)!.
Deep condition your hair.
Spread the shirt out flat on a solid, dry surface.
Balance a simple climber with an upper cartilage stud.
Add natural-looking dimension to your layers with a balayage effect.
Think about how you'll clean slippers before decorating them.
Check with your medical insurance.
Make an egg white mask.
Stir in 1 cup (200 g) of indigo powder.
Hold cardboard over the boot hole and shake the boot vigorously.
Make another one inch square section of hair and repeat steps.
Create another French braid on the right side of your head.
Wear wool tights in cold weather.
Decide which approach to take to making the dragonfly earrings.
Create a braided ponytail with a front bump.
Check the label.
Shopping is an interesting part of a fashionista: Some popular Las Vegas preps would shop at Hollister and A+F.
Don’t flare your nostrils.
Allow to air dry or dab with a soft towel.
Keep your ear clean and dry if you have a perforated eardrum.
Rinse with apple cider vinegar.
Examine the cameo for surface paint or enamel chips.
Having good eyebrows is the perfect way to frame your face-they don't have to be plucked or waxed.
Tuck your shirt in if you’re looking to impress.
Wear yoga pants with tennis shoes to stay workout ready.
Use concealer sparingly.
Adding mascara.
Check the ingredients.
Attach the jump rings.
Add crushed probiotic pills for a powerful anti-bacterial (and stench) fighter.
Check insurance rules.
Try a lotion.
Make sure to remove all unwanted body hair.
Put baking soda, witch hazel, and aloe vera to a spray bottle.
Switch to Crocs to stay comfortable at work.
Consume less sugar on a daily basis.
Take a Shower.
Use a fitted bedsheet to make a dress.
Mix equal amounts of sugar, sea salt, Epsom salts in a bowl.
Use a salicylic acid based pad to prevent breakouts and calm any breakouts that you currently have.
Keep a small face towel.
Wear your vest over a button-up shirt for a casual yet professional look.
Ensure that the photograph has a good brightness, contrast, and colour balance that shows skin tones naturally with a uniform lighting/sharp focus and no red-eye effect.
Glue the end of the strip down to hold the bead together.
Aim for "meatier" areas like the thigh or biceps for the least pain.
Know what to look out for.
Follow the rule of two if you want a sexy and dignified look.
Allow the hair to grow in if you've thinned them too much.
Don't hesitate to go to the mall and randomly walk into the jewelry store.
Pull on the thread to gather the fabric.
Consume foods with omega-3 fatty acids to strengthen your hairline.
It can help to include some feminine wipes.
Repeat with each strip of paper.
Punch a second hole into the bottom of your bottle cap to add some dangly bits.
Cinch up your waist with a belt.
Add a side part to a low ponytail.
Pair mirrored sunglasses with neutral outfits.
Make a plan.
Create a centre parting that runs from the front of your hair to the nape of your neck, make it as straight and neat as you can.
Secure the straps.
Place a few drops (4-8) of Gentian Violet in a small, disposable container and dilute it.
Finally, BE SOCIAL!.
Measure the lines to get your foot measurement.
Wash your face at night.
Repair your skin with the Obagi-C Rx System.
Shop in the evening so your feet are swollen.
Repeat the process on the right side of your head.
Mix all of the oils and lemon juice in a small bowl.
Do simple resoling.
You should always have a whistle on a lanyard with you while on duty.
Cleanse the piercing twice a day and after exercise.
Get at least one outer wear item tailored.
Comb your hair daily.
Choose furniture that will accent your style and be useful.
Take care of your body with rest, exercise, and a healthy diet.
Treat your hair well.
Wash your face with clean water.
Try not to touch, rub, or hit your piercing.
Purchase the basket after the goodies.
Turn the ends of the cuff over about ¼ inch and sew them them back onto the cuff to form a hem.
Speak to your dermatologist about a chemical peel or microdermabrasion.
Be open to DIY projects.
Skip the sun.
Wear a cropped peacoat with a scarf for a cozy and trendy statement.
Bend your arm at a 90 degree angle.
Rotate the eyepieces in opposite directions to straighten the glasses.
Carefully apply and put a clear gloss over.
Be knowledgeable.
Create a gradient of eye-shadow for monolid eyes.
Continue to push the bangle gently over your hand.
Be yourself!.
Refresh your hair the next morning.
Leave exfoliant scrub on for about 5 minutes.
Smooth out the Details.
Cut carefully.
Make sure your sides match up.
Relax as much as you can.
Stay clean while traveling.
Spritz your hair with water.
Use a scarf as a gentle alternatives to hair bands or ties.
Go to bed...take them out in the morning and your hair will have some nice waves.
Stir together the product and the moisturizer until there are no major clumps.
Spread the mixture onto a clean face, and then gently massage it for about 5 seconds.
Cross the side part section over the new middle section.
Gather your materials.
Try on your jeans.
Get some sanitary products.
Call a friend you haven’t talked to in awhile.
Slide the ring onto a steel mandrel.
If you want, after your bath, you can French braid your hair so it will get lovely and curly when you take it out.
Add a blazer for a business look.
Save related emails and other communications.
Look for a signature.
Remove sticky residue with an alcohol-soaked cotton ball.
Be polite and respectful.
Wear the ring to remember someone special.
Repeat last step until your hair is covered.
Rinse the toothbrush holder.
Treat dandruff with light, fragrance-free conditioners.
Alternate wearing of undergarments.
Air-dry your leggings on a drying rack for best results.
Mix 1 tbsp (14 g) of baking soda and 1 tbsp (14 g) of table salt with warm water.
Avoid heat styling if you can, and use a heat protection spray when you do.
Stay well hydrated.
Show your child how to comb, braid or plait their own hair.
Polish leather shoes regularly.
Iron the sash and sew around the perimeter with a 1/4 inch (0.6 cm) seam allowance.
Try not to watch too much TV; it is addictive.
Use a towel to dry.
Purchase high-quality vintage clothing.
Remove the beeswax mixture from the heat.
Slip the elastic band through the slits and attach it to the jeans.
Dress it down with a slouchy tee or denim jacket.
Moisturize your hair with conditioner often and effectively.
Talk to her.
Crack two egg yolks into a small bowl, and whisk them thoroughly.
Improve your posture.
Put on safety goggles and ear protection.
Pick gold or silver accessories.
Layer the jacket over a hooded sweatshirt.
Get medical care for a rash or irritation caused by natural products.
Locate the clasp on your bracelet.
Mix together dry ingredients in a ceramic bowl.
Sleep.
Cut the rest of your hair using the same techniques.
Backcomb your hair, starting from the crown.
Let your curls set overnight or for at least 4-5 hours.
Show your cool side.
Turn off your Apple Watch.
Consider surgery only if the scar limits your ability to move.
Examine its battery life.
Let the product harden onto your face (10 minutes maximum) then thoroughly rinse away.
Cut the fabric!.
After you used your remedy for awhile, and you see the benefits, you could recommend it to friends or post your success story online!.
Apply gel, edge control, or pomade to your part and hair.
Squeeze the juice of one lemon into the bowl.
Manage ringworm with oral medication and medicated shampoo.
Part the hair.
Comb a holding gel through your hair.
Grab a hanger.
Finish by patting over the lipstick with a translucent powder.
Hang a fanny pack over one shoulder for a fashion-forward bag.
Bake the cupcakes.
Rinse off the salt wrap with cool or lukewarm water.
See a doctor if your lips are still very dry.
Let your roots grow until they're 1–2 in (2.5–5.1 cm) long.
Wear dark nail polish, eye makeup, and lipstick.
Leave the mask on for no longer than half an hour.
Peel off the gel.
Donate unused makeup to local women’s shelters.
Determine the product you want to make.
Sew along the edges, and in doing so, sew up the gap you left earlier.
Get your coffee mug or get a travel mug ready.
Add 1 tablespoon of brown sugar.
Don't wear revealing clothing.
Every morning, wash your face three times with bath soap.
Try a honey mask for dry skin.
Identify the cause of bleeding gums.
Lay the folding board on a flat surface.
Make mixtures.
Pull off the cloth quickly.
Coat the bracelet with another layer of glue and let it dry.
Buy at least 3 bras.
Wait 15 minutes before shampooing your hair to remove the paste.
Stir the jeans occasionally in the fixative mixture for 20 minutes.
Keep track for a week or two of everything that you feel you need.
Cut out the traced outlining from the carton.
Choose a theme.
Spray your legs with water or use a wet towel to wet your legs.
Bring extra underwear.
Plan for the weather.
Treat stains.
Get tattoos from licensed tattoo artists only.
Put a bead of green polish on a flat surface.
Gather all of your materials.
Put on your mascara and brush to make them definite.
+Preventing a blowout is just that - prevention.
Get any additional care for your hand or finger if needed.
Avoid irritation.
Grab 1 large handbag for everyday wear.
Select a category.
Ask people about themselves.
Eat plenty of fruits and vegetables.
Double check.
Leave it on for approximately 20 minutes.
Make a statement wearing colored Adidas pants and trendy shoes.
Volumize your curls with a sea salt spray.
Wear a moisturizing foundation.
Opt for high-waisted briefs if you have a large belly.
Start the Chinese Staircase hair wrap.
Never use acrylic/silicone/kaos/collapsible plugs or tunnels to stretch, they will irritate your piercing and more often than not tear your ear.
Let the boots dry overnight before wearing or handling them.
Spot an oblong face by looking for a rounded jawline and forehead.
Embrace body-con clothing to show off your curves.
Search the internet.
Put the tea bags in the water and wait for them to steep.
Rub a pea-sized dab of toothpaste into the shoes with a toothbrush.
Make sure your feet are firmly on the ground before stepping away from the car.
Section the sack by wrapping rubber bands around it.
File your nails.
Purchase body makeup in your preferred shade.
Wear camisoles under transparent or low necked shirts.
Start the process as outlined in method one.
Get at least 11 mg of zinc every day to help repair your hairline.
Store your shaving cream in a squeeze bottle.
Try an aloe vera rub.
Hide greasy tresses with a scarf.
Take out the low ponytail or bun and part your hair.
Purchase a showerhead water filter to remove unwanted chemicals.
Buy equipment for your lobby and spa treatment rooms.
Now it's time for makeup!.
Insert your finger into your vagina and press around the edge of the cup.
Soak make up remover into a cotton ball.
Paint gold nail polish on your nails.
Wrap the exposed wire around each spoon.
Wash the rest off using warm, soapy water and gentle scrubbing.
Ask a medical expert about microneedling to stimulate hair growth.
Don't use nail polish remover.
Choose some eye liner and dot it onto your lower lid.
Tie a cap band.
Let them sit in the bowl for about 15 minutes.
Start rinsing the bag.
Match the extensions to your real hair.
Contrast a casual outfit with high heels.
Visit a salon for professional waxing.
Fold the edge of the new gasket over the rubber band.
Heat the wax based on the time given in the instructions.
Choose your foundation shade.
Search around for an alternative.
Use a small handful on wet skin in the shower to slough off dead skin.
Take a blow dyer and put it on medium heat.
Try a long, flowing maxi dress with heeled white booties.
Use clip-in extensions if you don't want to use any product at all.
Reaffirm your love regularly.
Call the school to see if they have an open house or orientation you can attend.
Pick up a little hair from your hairline on the left side and add it to strand 2.
Seal the tied off end on the ponytail.
Pair Chacos with cargo shorts or cargo pants for hiking.
Be prepared to make alterations.
Iron your cuffs if you want to smooth them out and create crisp folds.
Lay down to remove the cup if possible.
Put the coconut oil into a medium sized bowl.
Clean it often.
Choose your color.
Spread paper towel down over the workspace.
Add glitter to your nails.
Dress for a classy event.
Wait for 30 minutes.
Remove buildup on your scalp once per month with a clarifying shampoo.
Stitch down each side of the centre.
Let the laces air dry.
Learn how to deal with teasing or bullying.
Pull the wig hair up into a loose bun, but leave the bottom-most weft loose.
Wear or store your newly-cleaned jewelry.
Add vinegar.
Wear a belt if you have a slim figure.
Start by choosing a place from which to purchase your hair products.
Start with damp hair.
Spread the avocado on a baking tray.
Ask your dermatologist about other treatment options if nothing works.
Ask the seller for the model number if they do not already have it listed.
Comb down hair.
Trim your brows.
Eat a healthy, nutritious diet for healthy skin, hair, and nails.
Rinse the shaving brush carefully and let it air dry between shaves.
Download podcasts to enjoy while you’re traveling to and from work.
Gather some hair at the crown and start to braid.
Use your hands, a knife, or scissors to create a hole in the center middle seam for your head.
Place the smaller rectangle on top of the paper.
Assemble the ingredients together.
Outline the bottom edge of your eyebrow.
Measure from the back of your suitcase to the front for depth.
Curl your toes slightly to grip the flip flop.
Heat the mixture over low heat until it melts.
Mix the fenugreek paste with the lemon juice.
Fold in 3 to 4 inches (7.6 to 10.2 cm) sections until you reach the top.
Finish with your liquid foundation.
Tape the left end of your bracelet down on your work surface.
Repeat the process for the right side.
Body.
Open the hem.
Purchase nursing bras made of breathable materials such as cotton or synthetics that allow maximum air flow.
Get some shimmer.
Limit teeth-staining foods and beverages to avoid more noticeable lines.
Offer any unwanted perfume to your friends and family.
Store in a cool, dark place.
You are now ready for picture day!.
Pull the mesh across the bag so it is taut, without wrinkling the bag.
Add a clear topcoat.
Wait for the glue to dry.
Separate your hair into two equal sections.
Mark the location of the hole.
Line your hats up neatly into the organizer.
Cut down on pet dander.
Use dry shampoo if you want some volume as your hair grows.
Braid your hair on the side to control frizz.
Use a power saw to cut a 0.375 in (0.95 cm)-deep channel along the pencil line.
Apply indigo mix after Henna treatment.
Allow healthcare providers to cut off the ring if needed.
Finish your first twist.
Apply the bleach to the section, starting from the bottom.
Choose an overcoat that's shorter than your skirt.
Try pomegranates, blueberries and cherries.
Look or fun patterns.
Coat your hair with sea salt spray.
Take another strip of hair right above the three sections and weave it in as a normal three-strand braid.
Ask your doctor to drain a belly button cyst if you have one.
Get a microdermabrasion procedure.
Set your earrings in between the felt tubes.
Adjust the bidet faucet to your comfort level during use.
Avoid using aluminum, metal or non-stick pots, pans, or containers for producing homemade cosmetics that use flowers, herbs, or other plant products.
Print it.
Create three bundles of string with the same color together.
Fold jeans into thirds.
Obtain a referral.
Fold the tissue in half.
Apply moisturizer and let it soak in.
Secure the coil with a few bobby pins.
See your doctor for a diagnosis if you have infection symptoms.
Treat burn wounds with aloe vera gel.
Style the braid.
Skip the deep conditioner.
Reflect on the overall experience to make your decision.
Mix 2 tablespoons of honey and 1/2 a teaspoon of lemon juice.
Slip on a sweater to create a stylish ensemble.
Move as normally as you can so the skin heals properly.
Dab diluted lemon juice on your skin if it doesn't irritate you.
Apply a moisturizer that contains a gradual tanner.
Pair your knee high lace up boots with jeans to cover up.
Remove your makeup after the performance.
Add the fabric border along the top.
Wear a bright watch.
Combat athlete’s foot.
Make a horizontal part.
Secure the curl with two bobby pins.
Split up the beginning section of hair.
Remember that you're your own worst critic.
Use a green tea formulated face cream in your daily skin routine.
Do not pick at your lips.
Take a small section of hair and smooth out any tangles.
Braid the sides of your afro to accentuate the height of your hair.
Exercise three or four times per week.
See your doctor if you have fever, chills, or stomach upset.
Add volume and more texture your hair.
Look in the mirror.
Fold the bottom edge of the placemat up by two-thirds.
Remove the tape from the ends of the strands.
Tone your hair to get rid of brassiness.You can purchase toners at Sally's Beauty Supply.
Go to a thrift store.
Develop strong values to live by.
Select a floor length gown to wear.
Pump yourself up for work.
Make reference pages.
Always apply a moisturizing shaving cream before shaving.
Pour the perfume into the perfume bottle and if you'd like you can add a petal or some glitter to make it look prettier.
Boost your consumption of fatty acids.
Wear sunscreen, even on the darkest, cloudiest days.
Soak the compressed mask paper in a liquid.
Finish with a rich moisturizer.
Apply  mascara to the top and bottom lashes.
After, apply your toner onto a cotton ball and rub in small circles on your face, just like the cleanser, but don't wash it off.
Use a washing machine.
Use the following oils in the bath: Blend 2 drops pine oil, 2 drops eucalyptus oil, 2 drops cypress oil.
Get enough exercise.
Measure the amount of liquid and pour them into the smaller Pyrex container.
Angle your brim accordingly.
Use the on and off brush to remove muck from your boots, and to get the sides shiny.
Apply light eyeshadow to your eyes.
Change your pillowcase every other day.
Look for a racer back bra.
Wear maxi dresses for a quick and easy outfit.
Wait for the wand to cool down to a warm temperature.
Spray your hair with water in the morning to refresh your curls.
Avoid applying too much makeup.
Use concealer at this point if necessary.
Teeth.
Get started, but  consider some things before you paint your backpack.
Continue to twist the section around itself, winding it in a coil around the root.
Ensure there is enough space in the room for you to move around a massage table.
Dip a paper towel in acetone and place it in the smaller dish.
Put the ingredients into your chosen container.
Avoid junk food.
Go to any herbal store, because they have the healthiest options.
Clean your piercing.
Decide what to wear underneath first.
Wear sunscreen every day to protect your skin.
Select a few fancy items to keep in your closet.
Create a visual CV.
Apply mascara to your bottom lashes first.
Avoid heavy face creams at night.
Leave time between lining and shading.
Apply toner.
Choose makeup that enhances your pale skin.
Learn the color wheel.
Double-check your measurements and then cut.
Comb them out every day.
Store the jar of sunscreen in the refrigerator.
Heat the surface of the shoes with a lighter or hair dryer.
File the nail tip down to your natural nail.
Dry it out.
Remove the stencil.
Air dry the shoes.
Cover the parts of your feet that are being pinched by your heels with moleskin, soak your feet in water, and then wear your heels for a few hours.
Create a layered loop effect.
Continue to bend the headpin until you have formed a complete loop.
Wash your hair every other day.
Turn on vacuum and point nozzle toward the area you plan to search.
Try a striped dress shirt for casual outings.
Learn about other sources of damage.
Tuck your scarves into the pockets of a shoe organizer.
If you have oily skin dust a translucent powder with a large powder brush.
Take precautions if you must hang sweaters.
Get some much needed beauty sleep and sleep well!.
Style your long skirt into a one-shoulder dress.
If you want to deepen color, add another packet of drink mix that has been dissolved in a cup of hot water to dye bath.
Put all the herbs except lemon in a saucepan.
Rinse off the mask and wash your hair.
Colored makeup.
Stand tall and strong.
Apply a lotion afterwards.
Replace your hair elastics with embellished clips.
Go punk in combat boots.
Have a girls' night with friends.
Keep length in mind when choosing a belt.
Remove the extensions after your cornrows start to loosen.
Add a jean jacket for a fashion-forward outfit.
Sew the sole go and forth in circles.
Part your hair to either side.
When choosing a necktie look for a striped one which is of a bright color.
Add an embellishment over the top of the toe post.
Choose an upside-down triangle cut for lots of tight curly hair.
Avoid harsh exfoliant products.
Rinse out the item under cool water until the water runs clear.
Wear certain colors.
This one may seem obvious, but take showers daily!.
Take the Dove or bar of soap, and wet it.
Get a hair cut.
Rinse the ring in the cup of water.
Start with smooth tangle-free hair.
Cut the toe off of a tube or dress sock.
Find cheap alternatives for expensive makeup.
Take the length measurement in the back, from collar to hem.
Pick a style that fits you!.
Wear a hat!.
Secure the band in the back to the clothing with pins if necessary.
Put your hair in a low bun.
Store the moisturizer in a cool, dry place away from sunlight.
Seal the drysuit and inflate it with a pump.
Develop a clean eating plan.
Go different on the makeup: One of the most important steps in make-up is to make sure that you are not allergic to it first, so make sure to lightly test it.
Switch to a style you can wear untucked.
Offer lots of praise.
Wrap a small section from the ends of your hair.
Reapply semi-permanent dye every 6 weeks or as needed.
Go with a pencil skirt and a long trench coat for timeless elegance.
Grab one section of hair to curl.
Try another smart casual option with fitted trousers, a T-shirt, and blazer.
Lean over the bowl of water with a towel draped over your head.
Apply facial moisturizer.
Measure around your calf.
Tan for one or two hours.
Try not to get too overly-excited at the party games(if any exist).
Be wary of sellers offering a bag at a considerably discounted price.
Choose light wooden or cloth covered hangers for dresses and shirts.
Use a toner.
Take care of your hair!.
Pack your shoes!.
Make use of written instructions.
Use the same principles outlined above.
Complete your bold and brilliant look with fun nail polish!.
Clip the hair.
Gently pat the jewelry dry with a soft cloth.
Take a bunch of the hair.
Mix two or three chosen oils in a bottle.
Study size charts and descriptions when buying online to find the right size.
Apply blush and bronzer.
Measure colorants carefully using kitchen utensils.
Sew along the length of this piece.
Review your TOMS shopping cart.
In the morning when you get up, use cold water to wash your face.
Familiarize yourself with CZ quality grading.
Using the spray, stay it above the paint.
Take vitamin supplements.
Wear stacked heels.
Try out different products to see what's best for you.
Set up a table with massage supplies.
Replace old brushes or combs.
Use rosewater as a toner.
Try a bra on in person before committing to it.
Use your other hand to curl the hair around your ponytail.
Practice eating healthy.
Wear nude heels with your camel coat for an easy dressy look.
Purchase a baby sized pattern from Kwik-Sew.
Focus on stress relieving activities like yoga and meditation.
Gather a section of hair from your nape and begin to braid it.
Make a knot when you reach the end and tie the bracelet around your wrist.
Check with your doctor before using natural treatments.
Determine if you still have an intact hymen.
Go back the other way.
Make sure to take breaks between each session of bleach, about 2 or 3 weeks.
Find a location for your shop.
Learn how to do hairstyles on wet hair in case you need to take a shower and are running late.
Finish forming the pomp.
Place your drawstring.
Change your style.
Wet a paper or cloth towel thoroughly with the cleaning solution you chose.
Wash out thoroughly and give yourself 2 shampoos at least and a conditioner.
Tie the middle knots.
Try a cream-based liquid metal eyeshadow.
Stretch the elastic waist as you zigzag stitch across it.
Drape.
Figure out the equivalent local size in your country.
Pair Chacos with your gym clothes after a work out.
Check the price tag.
Pair wide-legged jeans and white shoes for a fashion-forward look.
Limit heat styling your hair.
Upcycle shoe boxes or tissue boxes for large and small items.
Take the felt out of the pan and blot off the excess water.
Prepare the skin.
Mix and match accessories.
Pour mixture into a container.
Secure the bun.
Avoid leaving clothes or other items on the floor.
Dab your powder brush into pressed powder and apply to all areas of your face, neck and ears.
Body shape.
Wear a dress with Timberlands for a for an edgy look.
Measure out the kosher salt and grapeseed oil into a bowl.
Apply the eyeshadow like you normally would.
Cut about ⁄2 in (1.3 cm) outside of the lines you just drew.
Stir gently until melted into a mixture.
Schmooze with the elite.
You can keep your clothes on, disrobe partially, or disrobe fully.
Rotate your makeup out every 3-12 months.
Tuck in your top so the bow doesn’t get lost under your shirt.
While this mask dries up, do the toe nails of the person, the same way you did with the finger nails.
Follow the packaging instructions.
Retrace your steps.
Make a loop at the end of the braided line.
Treat acne with cortisone.
Mix different eyeshadows to create a custom color.
Use a shoe horn.
Tuck the center of the wrap behind your ears and bring the ends to your forehead.
Massage the shampoo and conditioner into your scalp.
Place each bath bomb onto a sheet of parchment (baking paper) or wax paper on a flat surface.
Rinse your face while it heats.
Brush your hair straight while blow drying.
Aim for a heel height of 3 in (7.6 cm) or lower if you plan to do a lot of walking.
With right sides together, stitch the remaining three sides of the case together.
Avoid trying to look sexy or cute in the office.
Use a removable purse organizer if you like to switch bags.
Add shampoo and conditioner to the hair.
Avoid waterproof makeup, especially mascara.
Exfoliate your face with a scrub.
Rub the cloth (with damp polish) on the tow of the boot in circles with a diameter of about an inch /1 and a half inches.
Choose an applicator.
Wrap washi tape around a colored case.
Untie your tie when you are not wearing it.
Ask your mom to help you with your hair.
Turn your new purse right-side out.
Adjust the coverage of the foundation, if desired.
Make sure your Apple Watch is paired with your iPhone.
Rub feet with petroleum jelly and lime juice.
Use a comb to twist up spikes.
If you have fine facial hair, choose threading.
Running low on lip gloss?.
Limit use of heat-stylers.
Pat your skin with witch hazel after waxing.
Use water free hand sanitizer to clean up your hands.
Sew the sleeves back into the armholes.
Conceal blemishes using light foundation.
Drink at least 2 litres (68  fl oz) of water a day.
Print out a map and place it in your phone case to give a retro look.
Drying hands.
Set your makeup with a setting powder.
Insert the tampon carefully.
Apply toner and moisturizer.
Use a body scrub to exfoliate your skin weekly or biweekly.
Dry the necklace with a hairdryer on a cool setting.
Prevent future scratches.
Use the right products for your hair.
Paint one strip down the middle, then one either side of that.
Finally, relax about what you're wearing.
Consider a toner.
Cut your hair if you feel comfortable doing so, but be careful if you do.
Pick out heels or wedges to dress up your outfit.
Always remember the most important things are confidence,a good attitude, and a smile!.
Maximize your glitz and glamour with diamonds.
Smudge your liner.
Fill in the shape of your eyebrows.
With your weights, lie face-up with your knees bent and together.
Iron the tape to fuse it together with the velvet.
Communicate to the tailor on how you want your jacket fitted.
Try a retro look.
Choose an amount of food coloring to tint the bathwater.
Dress with confidence.
Brush out your hair and create two angled side parts.
Eventually you should begin cutting your hair little by little.
Ensure that no one steps on your skirt when going downstairs.
Strain the liquid.
Cut straight across the hair under your fingers to remove the ends.
Wear a glitzier choker for a night out.
Wait 24 to moisturize your skin.
Pull the comb down through your hair quickly.
Finish off by braiding your hair.
Don’t hang on to damaged items.
Add 1 tablespoon of shea butter.
Get measured.
Pick the right outfit.
Carry around a tissue pack.
Be unique.
The next point (let's call this point "X") on your pattern will take into account your bra cup size and over all circumference.
Wear flattering clothes and add color to your outfit.
Get images to use and go to a picture editing program.
Now you know your skin type!.
Cut the bangs using the same technique as before.
Use old boxes to organize your drawers.
Wear tight jeans in bright colours.
Go to your friend's house on the chosen date.
Fold in, press, and pin the raw edge of the wallet.
Connect your arrows to your "X" to complete the outline.
Protect your hair overnight by using silk pillowcases or scarfs.
Throw out all your unwanted items or keep them somewhere else.
Go to a men's body image counselor if you are male.
Measure both the length and width of the wearer's foot.
Sew hems on both straps for a clean finish.
Add in 2/3 of a cup of whole milk.
Section off the last third of your hair and secure it with a ponytail holder.
Give definition to your eye with colors that contrast with your skin tone.
Start gathering the pillowcase until it fits the tank top.
Tie off your bracelet and trim the excess elastic string.
Soak in the bath for twenty minutes to gain maximum benefits.
Rinse thoroughly with cool water.
Add a final band, then slide the bottom 2 bands over it.
Open up a web browser to a search engine webpage and search under "adult blanket sleeper".
Moisturize and prime your face.
Dry your hair combs on a towel.
Try to eat a healthy diet.
Keep heat styling to a minimum.
Enter the onsen.
Cut away any frayed edges within the hole of your jeans.
Rinse the gel off with a wet face cloth.
Pick a foundation made for your age.
Use direct heat (with a hooded dryer/or heat cap) with either dry/wet hair, apply a plastic cap, and underneath the dryer until your hair feels moisturized.
Have a healthy diet.
Go for a monochromatic outfit with white jeans and white shoes.
Pick a hydrating conditioner and let it soak in.
Dry your jewelry with a soft cloth.
Dry your skin.
Mix in 4 to 6 drops of essential oil.
Roll the bottom of the underwear up towards the waistband.
Consider permanent or semi-permanent colors.
Buy different makeup for different seasons.
Get the freshest powder possible.
Scrub the crystals jewelry gently in light, circular motions.
Don't wash your hair daily.
Take the wonderweb, a glue that melts, and sew with a sewing machine on the inside around the bottom of the pants.
Put your hair up in a half bun for a stylish fix.
Scrape the gasket opening with a wire brush.
Take a cuticle pusher, also called an orange stick, (available at most drugstores) and gently push your cuticles back.
Avoid basic rubber wellies in extremely cold weather.
Style with mousse if you want an airy, tousled look.
Choose eyebrow-length bangs to draw attention to your eyes.
Get a nail filer.
Choose a good brand.
Cover your lips with foundation or concealer.
Buy some new bath supplies.
Look at the equipment the company offers with the badge making machine.
Keep the watches in their original cases if you have them.
Create a messy bun.
Go for a sundress if you are buying something for a vacation.
Include natural scenery in the background of your picture.
Prepare your luggage to best be situated.
Simply fill up a cup and once you're done, pour!.
Know your uniform choices.
Since we are trying to create the look of longer legs you must go with a pointed toe on your shoes.
Take your braids out after 6 weeks to keep your hair refreshed.
Get a retro nautical tattoo.
Look for the corresponding measurement on the inside of your bow tie.
Turn off the hot comb.
Refrain from cutting and picking at your cuticles.
Make a snack chart.
Practice healthy skin habits.
Sew the cuff to the wrist, then flip the cuff inside out.
Choose a colorful page from a magazine with colors that you like.
Stay aware with hair care.
Give rubber flip flops a soak in baking soda and water.
Go with a spot or partial perm to address limp areas of hair.
Place 3 tablespoons of finely-ground coffee into a small mixing bowl.
Apply a little brown eye shadow to your eyes.
Mix lemon juice and conditioner.
Wash and condition fine hair with a hair thickening shampoo and conditioner.
Invest in satin pillowcases.
Avoid placing your jacket into the clothes dryer.
Pair thigh high boots with super skinny jeans for a seamless effect.
Dedicate a journal or spiral notebook to your Self Inventory.
Add the chapstick wax and eyeshadow powder to the mixing bowl.
Put a soft thick cloth on the work area to make sure that it's safe if you drop crystal items, and to keep them from rolling away.
Shake the bottle vigorously to mix.
Apply oils to your hair.
Organize your makeup.
Ask plenty of questions during the consultation.
Open a "jump ring" (basically a circle of wire that's not entirely closed) and slide on the head pin with beads and the earring hook.
Pour ½ cup aloe vera juice, ¼ cup distilled water and 1 tsp.
Final tips.
Paint the seeds.
Increase breathability with mesh-lined pockets.
Pick a colour that feels right.
Put duct tape over the inside of the shoe above the hole.
Place the wax and oils in a double boiler.
Discuss laser therapy to fade and shrink keloid scars.
Add the oatmeal.
Tuck the loose ends into the turban.
Secure the hair roller.
Take them off using two hands, instead of one.
Create length by wearing a one-tone outfit.
Continue to clean regularly.
Mash one tablespoon of avocado.
Avoid wearing a crewneck that bunches under the arms.
Pull the upper half of your hair into a bun, if desired.
Wear drapey, not shapeless.
Pick a nice pair of clean shoes to match the outfit.
Spread the newspaper out over the work surface.
Learn the face lingo.
Add rose water to make a thin paste.
Find clothes that fit you well.
Go to a stylist.
Leave on for 20 to 25 minutes, or until dry.
Tone down the heat styling.
Confirm that the information is right for the size and type of items ordered.
Jeans that run really small: These lines (size 30) equivalent to a dress size 7/8 and will fit most comfortably on the very slim and tall or petite and tiny boned.
Rub over the temporary tattoo.
Split your hair into three ponytails.
Change your care with your environment.
Wash any sweater you put away for storage.
Style your hair and makeup.
Wear wedge boots with a maxi skirt or a jumpsuit.
When applying lotion to your hands make sure to rub some into and around your nails.
Let the mixture sit for 25 minutes.
Don't worry if your tampon string gets wet.
Use an over-the-door hanger for baseball caps.
Accessorize!.
Use a natural bristle brush while heat-styling your wig.
Keep your makeup simple and natural.
Do not sleep on your pierced tragus.
Take your favorite mascara and wiggle the wand through your lashes to avoid clumps and to add volume to the lashes.
Proceed to dry the rest of your hair the way described previously.
Wait overnight for the dye to set.
Grip the sides of the knot gently with your other hand.
Cut off the excess.
Use blotting papers.
Condition your hair after every shampoo.
Create home décor items from old t-shirts.
Mix the cocoa powder, ground nutmeg, and ground cinnamon in a separate bowl.
Do this method within 24 hours.
Stuff each purse with acid-free tissue so it will keep its shape.
Avoid dropping your stones.
Invert the tube of fabric so that the right sides are exposed.
Attend events centered around your interest or hobby.
Rinse off the scrub.
Encourage the kids to get into the bath.
Work in a well ventilated area.
Enjoy a glass of wine and an indulgent snack while you soak.
Enjoy your curls!.
Gather your hair into a messy bun.
Manage your stressors.
Interlay the counter with cotton fabric as the sole; fix the shoelace onto one side of counter by sewing; sew a button hole with elastic cord at the other side of counter.
Use more supportive earring backs to distribute the weight.
Keep an eye on the color of the piercing site.
Cleanse your face using warm water and your bare hands.
Do not attempt major changes with natural dye.
See a dermatologist if you notice any skin irritation or rashes.
Using permanent markers, write and draw on the sack to your heart's content.
Decide what kind of handbag you need and buy or make it.
Wear cadet sizes if your palm is wide and your fingers are short.
Be makeup savvy.
Test the length.
Try heels to amp up the sexiness.
Exfoliate your brows nightly.
Attach the spiral to the earring hook.
Cut a hole where you started the braid.
Try shaping your eyebrows into a flattering arch.
Line your waterlines with the same pencil.
Gently wipe or wash hand and arm.
Call up all of the cosmetic wholesalers listed.
Begin doing a twisted crown braid.
Increase your strength and flexibility.
Throw out old shirts that can no longer be worn.
Set up your work space.
Find a fit that complements your build.
Apply successive layers of fragrance in various forms for the best scent reach.
Stay away from wearing foundation for a 6-8 weeks.
Put your bra and dress on.
Use your bag with care.
Focus on a hobby you enjoy.
Choose loose but stylish jeans.
Explain what a period is to a child by the time they are 8 or 9.
Wear simple or statement earrings with your short, straight hair.
Place your Apple Watch on its side to enable Nightstand mode.
Dress up your linen shirt with trousers and a belt.
Boil for 15 minutes.
Shorten the hair effected by the cowlick.
Stop touching your hair.
Write in a journal to record your thoughts and feelings.
Leave it on under a wool coat for a sophisticated look.
Avoid applying too much mascara to the extensions.
Avoid placing aquamarine under heat.
Slowly shave the back.
Reverse pleated trousers give the pants a more robust appearance; well suited for leaner frames.
Cleanse your skin 2 times a day to keep your skin clean and under control.
Remove the rags or cardboard and rinse the shirt in cold water.
Slowly stroke the forehead rhythmically with the back of your hand from just above the brows to the hairline.
Avoid picking at your blemishes.
Eat politely.
Find an experienced hairstylist.
Keep talcum powder or cornmeal handy.
Try a sugar and molasses hair removal remedy.
Wash your hair with a mud wash.
First, braid together three strands of Korea Cotton Wax Cord.
Lay out your shirt so it’s facing down on a flat surface.
Buff the nail, if necessary.
Apply the gel to your eyelashes.
Curl your lashes following the first method.
Wear the right top.
Begin rolling at your hairline.
Choose a regular or finger brush.
Dab a small amount of primer on the back of your hand.
Buy different lengths of earrings, such as classy studs, hoops or dangling earrings.
Once you are happy with the combination, add the powders to the bottle.
Run naked.
Ask your doctor if you suspect medication is causing your hair loss.
Apply the henna one section at a time.
Give a strong lead.
Select quality clothes.
Respect the sentimental value of the setting.
Look for cracks to identify caiman leather.
Lapels with very large widths make the man appear thinner while thin lapels emphasize the vertical lines in a tall man's body.
Create a double dutch braid at the front of your hair for a stylish look.
Add a pin to your hair accessories.
Cut out four square pieces of fabric the exact same size.
Grow facial hair to cover the scar if you’re a man.
Finish the fold by lowering the shirt over the loose sleeve.
Exercise your hips every other day.
Pick pink work boots for a more rugged look.
Relax your hands and limbs.
Buy based on fit, not size.
Try an egg and yogurt hair mask.
Add 20 to 30 drops of essential oil, if desired.
Purchase 2 boot bands.
Spritz your skin with water and essential oils.
Slide your middle and index finger under the clasp and lift it away from her body.
Don't forget the accessories.
Double check that the bracelet will fit.
Add extra moisturizers.
Avoid excessively tight or baggy clothes and buy well-fitting clothes instead.
Cut out part of the insole if you have wide feet.
Check your lipstick often.
Be daring and creative.
Cut two slits in the inner waistband to allow the elastic through.
Apply a base color all over your eyelid.
For oily hair try braids or pigtails.
Tie a knot before you begin the main braid.
Turn the garment right side out.
Determine if you can be ready to fall asleep.
Shave as normal.
Sew one end together, then turn the tube inside out so the rough edges are on the inside.
Reduce the width of your pattern at the shoulder by making new marks on it.
Determine if you are underweight.
Examine your layers.
Purchase the necessary materials.
Clean the eyeshadow pot thoroughly.
Try the gentle wash cycle and low spin cycle.
Form the first bow side with the loose loop.
When the rope comes out the other slit, remove the "needle" and tie the two loose ends together with a square knot.
Place the stack of hangers in the box so the hooks are on the outside.
Get a small cloth soaked in warm water and dab it onto your face for a few seconds.
Get the entire T-shirt wet.
Try a teal green shadow if you have hazel eyes.
Hide more expensive pieces in individual jewelry boxes.
Soak the bite guard.
Go with a good friend, sibling, or whomever you like and spend a day in stores trying on clothes and go shoe shopping.
Pull both ends of the lines to tighten the knot.
Work in a circular motion.
Try different tops.
Repeat across the row.
Take your straightening iron, and stamp the hair that is coiled around the pencil.
Don’t plan on laser hair removal if you have light hair or dark skin.
Add another helping of conditioner as a leave in.
Mix the vitamin C powder, honey and finely ground oatmeal.
Prioritize relationships with people who make you feel good about yourself.
Seek medical attention if you have dandruff with a weakened immune system.
Curl the rest of your hair.
Have your feet measured at a shoe store to find your true fit.
Add the remaining oils and mix well.
Use a Softdisc for period protection while playing sports or swimming.
Use your shampoo one last time to rid the hair of any non-water soluble ingredients that builds up on hair.
Consider melanin pills and PUVA therapy to treat serious skin conditions.
Fold each of the sleeves in half and secure them with a zigzag stitch.
Use a rubber cleaning stone to get rid of any remaining dirt.
Create a bump ponytail.
Pick out a unique backpack.
Let the boots cool.
Distress your jeans.
Know the popular clothing stores.
Sew with the outside of the bra facing up.
Apply a curl enhancing product.
Peel off the sticker.
Make getting enough sleep a priority so your body is running at its best.
Spend time doing what you like.
Repeat Step 5 until you get the desired level of shine.
Hang dry your dress on a hanger in a doorway.
Twist the towel around your hair.
Be careful with how much you spend and what you spend it on.
Wear your hair neat and opt for minimal makeup, if you wear any.
Tie on a small scarf for a pop of color.
Set your washing machine for a small load and fill it with water.
Put body powder under your binder to help prevent chafing.
Wear a typical daytime item with the satin.
Choose slim-fit jeans to make this option work best.
Add an edgy touch by wearing your open-toed booties with a long gown.
Turn a short wrap skirt into a top by tying it at your chest.
Take two 0.5 inches (1.3 cm) sections of hair and twist them together.
Curl your eyelashes with an eyelash curler, then apply brownish-black or black mascara to your top lashes only.
Keep your hair short.
Use the Q-tips to clean up any smudged liner, mascara or shadow under your eyes.
Try a hat.
Pack technology and entertainment.
Rinse your Chacos off thoroughly with warm water in the sink or tub.
Mix 8 cups (1,900 mL) of water and ⁄4 cup (59 mL) of ammonia in a separate basin.
Get steroid injections.
Keep your hair out your face.
Pursue your goals and interests so you have a full life.
Know when it’s time to throw it away.
Melt the beeswax, coconut oil, and shea butter.
Play around with different positions.
Tuck skinny jeans into biker boots for an everyday look.
Combine the tincture with the essential oils.
Scoop the gel out with a spoon or knife.
Cut the peels into small pieces.
Sew two pieces together by folding the insides together.
Rinse out your hair and towel dry it.
Spritz the garment until it's as lightened as you like.
Preheat your flat iron on the lowest temperature.
Place the brush in the mixture and allow it to soak.
Play around with barrettes.
Place the chain in jewelry cleaning solution.
Make a tea with rosehips to brighten reds.
Develop mental strength.
Press the band flat so the long seam is directly on the edge (as shown).
Keep everything.
Use indirect-heat.
Refold your sarees every few months to prevent tearing in the fabric.
Remove the bags of ice.
Dab and gently rub over the area of skin with glitter glue stuck to it.
Glue your earring backs to the snowmen.
Use a color-matching website to find the right shade of face makeup.
See your doctor if your scars are painful or upsetting.
Dab rubbing alcohol on the stain to get rid of a super sticky spot.
Check out how many listings they have.
Use caution in the sun.
Hang the shelf.
Find a bead for each letter of your name.
Wash your item thoroughly and leave it damp.
Choose between "matte" and "luminous.".
Hang out with other girls.
Try simple accessories for a played down look.
Resort to a bandage if you’re short on time.
Now, after your hair is dry, take the pins out.
Dress casually.
Shave your armpits.
Purchase some cricket shoes/running shoes.
Improve your existing skill set.
Pair a black or white tee with trousers for a sleek ensemble.
Pair the pants with a more form-fitting top.
Comb through with a wide toothed comb and let dry...(don't use a hair dryer or else your hair will lose all the stuff you just put in!).
Set your washing machine cycle to gentle, with cool water.
Check that the watch works before reattaching the back.
Apply your lipstick, starting with the center of your upper lip.
Cleanse your face and apply moisturizer.
Choose a layered hairstyle.
Braid the cords at the beginning.
Use a free photo enhancement site online.
Brush your hair thoroughly.
Once you’ve peeled away the two leather portions, peel the seam off of the ball in one piece.
Use a less toxic shampoo to wash the hair.
Peel your fruit and lay the rinds out to dry.
Let your face air dry.
Wear clean, neat clothes.
Tuck a T-shirt into a skirt for a laid-back, feminine look.
Opt for shoes that match the formality of the occasion.
Make adjustments.
Create your stencil.
Watch TV.
Store polish properly.
Tumble dry your sweater on low heat if it’s safe to do so.
Don’t apply lotions or oils after a wax.
Mix in a raw egg, olive oil, essential oils, and/or honey.
Receive a microdermabrasion.
Use oils to improve your hair texture.
Hang ties.
Buy a pair of computer readers if you struggle to read your screen.
Apply the mini deodorant if you need it.
Schedule a medical consultation.
Unravel each section to create a twist-out look.
Wash and rinse hair thoroughly.
If it's cold, stand in front of the heater.
Dust on blush.
Apply hair products.
Drink plenty of water, at least 8 glasses a day.
Add some trim.
Wear your hair up if you have long hair.
Dry the beard with a blow dryer.
Try some knee-high boots for a more slimming look.
Get a prescription for 2% Viscous Lidocaine.
Drink more water to hydrate your hair.
Go with swirl cornrows to try something unique.
Massage peppermint oil into your scalp for 10-15 minutes daily.
Try a "coil" tie.
Get your nails done monthly or two times a month.
Pair your boots with skinny jeans and a scarf for a smart, trendy look.
Split the ponytail down the middle and build the bun in 2 parts.
Pursue your goals.
Layer your outfits to keep your stoma well hidden.
Be beautiful on the inside.
Use a pencil that matches your brow hair color.
Biting your nails will make them look ugly and uncared for, and can hurt if you bite too far!.
Go over the outlines with a permanent marker.
Moisturize.
Use food coloring if you want to make your own purple toner.
Plump your lips.
Put on a face mask that covers your nose and mouth.
Use your soapy (or shampooed) hands to soap up other hairy areas of your body.
Use a natural flesh toned lip pencil on your lips.
Initiate social interactions.
Cut a 1.5 inch strip from the edge of the bandana.
Avoid bony areas to decrease the pain.
Try drying your shoes if moisture is causing the squeaking.
Use a brow pencil.
Open the pack carefully and examine what the strips came with.
Repeat the above steps twice every day for a week.
Check the Inside Label.
Blend in some powder if your face gets shiny.
Realize that you are beautiful.
Add in long layers if you have longer hair to create more dimension.
Wash your face with lukewarm or cool water.
Pull the rest of your hair into a ponytail at the back of your head.
Consider including a pocket calendar if you want to track your period.
Using the pen, lift up a small strand of hair up from the top of your head just enough for it to go through.
Remove all the stones, and have the person turn onto their back.
Make the appointment.
Rub the cotton ball onto the stained area of your face in circular motions.
Invest in a tube of self-adjusting lip gloss.
Make your own food.
Look round your garden for roses and lavender flowers.
Apply 1 to 3 coats of gel nail polish.
Cut the "hair" of your false lashes.
Wear Chacos with a fleece and casual shorts for a camping vibe.
Stir in ¼ cup (55 grams) of coconut oil.
Try using a few different designs.
Choose accessories in bold patterns or colors to break up the denim.
Have soft gemstones cleaned professionally.
Take a class.
Try new makeup.
Use a box cutter to cut the rectangles out.
Apply light eyeliner in brown or black depending on skin or hair color to the top lash line and very sparingly to the bottom lash line.
Store the sandals in a cool, dry place.
Avoid earrings that can easily snag or catch.
Use lightening hair spray.
Hold the pen at 45-degree angle for best results.
Let the shirt dry for at least 24 hours.
Wait 2-3 days before shampooing freshly permed hair.
Measure out the citric acid and bicarbonate of soda/baking soda.
Get polarized, tinted, or UV-protective safety glasses if you’ll be outside.
Check non-sun exposed areas carefully if you’re Type V or VI.
Go buy the appropriate conditioners.
Check reviews for diamond dealers if you're selling a diamond ring.
Wear a gentle but effective sunscreen every time you go outdoors.
Stitch the ruffle to the miniskirt.
Top stitch the edges, tucking the open (turning opening) edge inside as you go.
Cover your nails.
Apply a heat protectant to prevent heat tools from burning your hair.
Use a very rosy blush, one that will show up on your cheeks.
Dunk your feet in water or paint.
Mix 1 part ammonia with 6 parts warm water to create a jewelry cleaner.
Pour hairspray mixture into the bottle, keeping an eye on how much you use.
After you've done that, repeat steps 2, 3, and 4 two more times.
Soak white laces in bleach and water for 30 minutes.
Use foundation and concealer sparingly.
Remember less is best.
Prepare for your spraying.
Be involved.
Condition your hair to keep it moisturized.
Consider sleeping on a satin pillowcase.
Measure the bracelet.
Avoid spraying water or adding mousse.
Meet somewhere convenient for both of you.
Use cardamom.
Ensure the color matches your skin tone as closely as possible.
Use a soft cloth tape measure to measure the length around your torso, just beneath your breasts.
Gather the rose hips.
Shampoo less often.
Match the measurements you’ve taken to a product sizing guide.
Opt for a low-flow shower head.
Stitch on opposite sides of the hole until it is completely closed.
Ask the host about the dress code for their dinner party.
Apply your medium color.
Find a very soft cloth.
Have them adjusted once or twice per year.
Before washing, make small partings in your hair.
Prepare the rinse.
Massage a few drops of beard oil into your beard every day.
Determine your Apple Watch's screen size.
Avoid wearing the shoes in bad conditions or dirty areas.
Establish the level of formality you wish to achieve.
Locate the buttonhole on the left lapel of the suit and make sure it is open.
Split the front of your hair into three sections.
Use an ultrasonic cleaner.
Create your daily 'to-do' list.
Match the personality.
Dip your finger tips  in the warm oil and apply the oil to the roots of the hair in circular motion.
Apply some makeup but don't overdo it.
Use any space for items that do not need to hang.
Look at your artist's past works to get an idea of their skill.
Buy managed fund units directly from the fund manager.
Cover it up.
Good Luck, who knows you may even bag yourself a Footballer.
Make sure your make up is always done get up an hour early if you have to.
Add yogurt.
Repeat once per month.
Use light foundation.
Clean your jewelry every few months.
Sit the tape about 3-inches (7.5-cm) above the brows.
Get a good lace for your gauntlet, string it up, and you're all set.
Plop your hair.
A good start would be to analyze your wardrobe.
Add your middle tone along the center of your eyelid.
Try a yogurt mask if you have dull, dry skin.
Match your boot color to your pants for a monochromatic look.
Grab a brush with a pressure sensor to avoid overbrushing.
Fold and pin the train.
Add a pipe cleaner closure, if needed.
Cut one of  the shoe laces in half and place it as shown in the photo.
Look at the store’s policies.
Read the labels on your current hair products.
Unwind the dental floss, beginning at the bottom of the finger.
End lather creation process when lather is similar to cool whip.
Apply a deep conditioner weekly to help repair the damage caused by bleaching.
Store your tie in a dry, cool area.
Use mild soap and water to clean pearl earrings.
Eat foods rich in beta-carotene to boost new skin cell production.
Avoid other topical medications and harsh skincare products.
Use at least 3 mint leaves for the body scrub.
Before you go to bed, you might want to put some lavender or a scent in your pillowcase for when you go to sleep.
Pour out your dye into a plastic bowl and place a tinting brush in it.
Tie the strands into a knot, just like tying a pair of shoes.
Sew your straps on your bag.
For a "piecey" look, pull a few small strand of hair from the ponytail.
Using your Clean hands or a clean make-up pad place mixture on your face evenly.
While your face is still damp from your toner, gently dab some moisturizer into your skin.
Comb through a portion of the hair and apply a loc cream.
Save on basics.
Get your cloth wet.
Repeat this method several times, and with different kinds of socks.
Wear well made hosiery.
Make a quicker version of this scrub.
Fold your fabric in half.
Do a facial wrap.
With this routine, your skin should be much better in no time.
Make your outfit more formal with a button-down or blouse.
Open up the Pores: The first step is probably the most important and overlooked step.
Apply a clear or neutral coloured gloss to complete the natural daytime look.
Wear the right frames for your hair color.
Try a denim jacket or a loose coat.
Opt for prints.
Put on your shirt and pants first.
Take the not braided section and cross that over the section now in the middle.
Use dryer sheets.
Secure your thread.
Keep large magnets away from the watches.
Pour rubbing alcohol or acetone into a small metal bowl.
Refrain from tanning pills.
Blend with moisturizer for light coverage.
Understand the connection between talc and asbestos.
Undergo debridement to remove large amounts of plaque and tartar.
Avoid sharing your mascara.
Avoid pale shades that wash out your lips.
Control static electricity while adding a glow.
Have the salesperson measure your child's feet.
Avoid wearing high-heeled shoes if you know you’ll be outdoors.
Incorporate colored pearls for casual weddings.
Make a loop in one end of each wire.
Insert shoe trees when you're not wearing the shoes.
Store your vitamin C serum.
Wear lip-gloss or a lush lipstick.
Choose the fabric for the bag.
Add a braided leather choker for a boho look.
Get the colored pencils.
Henna can come in shades of green to greenish-brown.
Decorate your box with lace.
Use a bag in a similar shade.
Use body washes and shaving creams made for sensitive skin.
Repeat the twisting on the other side.
Add glow-in-the-dark hair gel.
Once you've chosen your colour, apply it evenly throughout your face.
Use caution with this method.
Add some jewelry or sunglasses to elevate a casual look.
Discuss treatment options with your doctor.
If you have very bad acne, you may want to apply a liquid foundation, but be careful!.
Pinch the shoulder on the sleeve closest to you.
Keep your jewelry to a minimum.
Use your tape measure to measure around the widest part of your chest.
Avoid using body butter to treat conditions like acne or a rash.
Add half cup of water if needed.
If you aren't satisfied, continue in the same pattern.
Just roll out of bed.
Be careful not to get dye in your eyes.
Slip on sunglasses with UV protection.
Wrap the thinner gauge wire evenly around the heavier gauge wire, leaving equally spaced loops.
Go for a softer look by pairing rosy and champagne-tinted eyeshadows.
Tie a knot at the top.
Do not apply bleach over abrasions, warts, or moles.
Keep your space neat and orderly to reduce the chances of losing something.
Be positive.
Pour a small amount of cleaning detergent into your machine.
Don't keep late hours.
Purchase a disposal bag designed for feminine hygiene products.
Apply a gold color from the outer corner of you lid through the crease.
Toss a heavy coat over your vest if you want to add warmth.
Wear statement jewelry rather than small pieces.
Apply the separate branches to the earring.
Apply few drops of beard oil each morning.
Keep on learning.
Hang the curtains up.
Select a warm fabric that feels comfortable against your skin.
Place the boxer briefs facing up on a flat surface.
Remove the petals from the rose and the buds from the lavender.
Keep skin hydrated.
Attach a small, round bandage to the piercing hole.
Wear cute shoes.
Stay away from bright red lipsticks.
Wear waterproof mascara, eye liner, and eyeshadow.
Apply liquid eyeliner on the top lid from the inside of the iris extending just past the natural line of your eyelashes.
Fold one corner to the corner diagonal from it.
Apply witch hazel after waxing.
Try taking vitamins E and C. Though their effectiveness isn't certain, vitamin supplements appear in many, many lists of rosy cheek home remedies.
Finish everything off with a tinted lip balm.
Wash hair.
Wear Oxfords with almost any dress pants.
Wrap 2 regular braids around your head to get milkmaid braids.
Don’t smoke.
Finish your makeup.
Flip the sweatpants over and dry the other side.
Use the template to trace a circle onto your fabric.
Add the tea to the mixture, and let it steep off-heat.
Rely on laser hair removal for even slower regrowth.
Use hair oil or a straightening serum.
Sprinkle baking soda on the inside of your clothes (only a little!).
Choose maternity clothing that fits comfortably.
Add bruise colors.
Finish the bun.
Repeat the process for the other side of your bangs.
Create a mini pigtail by securing an elastic tie around your hair.
Fill in the scratch using a leather cream polish that matches the shoe.
Sell high quality clothes and accessories.
Wash your hair as often as necessary.
Consider your work environment.
Use a shaving bowl.
Use an HD translucent finishing powder to control shine and lock in makeup.
Speak with an upward inflection and raise your pitch when speaking.
Try it on; dresses look better on you than on the hanger.
Tone uneven areas.
Fight warts.
Use a spoon to soften the leather straps and heels.
Peel the skin off the onions.
Mix up the ingredients in your blender.
Turn the sleeves inside out and try them on to see how they fit.
Part and section your hair.
Replace the comb with your index and middle fingers before cutting.
Make a headband.
Make your own ruler by using a dollar bill, string, tape and a marker.
Use clippers to shape the edges your beard as it grows in.
Apply heat.
Surprise your girlfriend with a shopping trip.
Distribute your charms evenly around the bracelet to prevent stretch.
Repaint the room a neutral, tranquil color.
Cut out all of your fabric pieces.
Keep your hands clean.
Slide a seam ripper or tiny cuticle scissors under one stitch of the label.
Pose with your arms akimbo to make your waist seem smaller.
Change up your look with a side part for something quick and simple.
You'll also want to find your style of clothes.
Turn up the bottom edge of your shirt about 2 inches (5.1 cm).
Let it firm a bit overnight.
Wrap your hair and body.
Oil your nails daily.
Cut the fabric to make the ruffle.
Fold your umbrellas.
Turn the vest right side out and embellish it if you like.
Determine if your sweat smells fruity or bleach-like.
Combine 2 parts bleach with 1 part water in a spray bottle.
Find a signature item.
Ask about allergies.
String more colored beads onto your bracelet.
To select the proper design the best option would be to ask the parents of the child what the child likes.
Write in a focus word or inspirational quotes.
Wear shoes that complement the leggings.
Decide upon your tan setting.
Create a relaxing herbal soak using steeped herbs.
Place the bandana around your neck.
Absorb any hints she provides you with, get what she wants, not what you want.
Divide your hair into two sections.
As with all jeans lines you will find exceptions to the rule.
Lay your closed cardigan face down on a flat surface.
Clean it up with some liquid concealer.
Avoid tobacco.
Note that “back fat,” a common complaint, is normal.
Finish off with a final top coat.
Run old towels through your washing machine if you used it.
Stir the hard coconut oil, lavender oil, and almond oil together.
Use hair chalk.
Rinse yourself off thoroughly with warm water to remove all of the Hibiclens.
Start with unprocessed hair.
Start combing your hair up and back.
Get a diffuser.
Add a bow and you are done!.
See a dermatologist to remove skin tags.
Don’t spend time with people who make you feel bad.
Take a small section of hair, and twist it around your pencil.
Paint a wooden box the color you want.
Detangle your hair with a wide-toothed comb.
Fight the habits!.
Fill a plastic tub with warm water.
Apply glue to your knot if you want to create a very secure closure.
Keep a stash of finished calendars.
Place the cream in a jar and store it in the refrigerator.
Pin the bra cups to the lining of the clothing to hold them in place.
Clothes should glide.
Dampen the affected skin.
Don't wear clothing that will make you sweat, wear layers so you can take one off when you need.
Keep the jersey untucked if you don't mind it hiding your figure.
Pair with ankle boots for a fun, flirty flair.
Stain will have vanished.
Show off your shape with a cinched or wrap blouse and Oxford shorts.
Select a conversation.
Spot-dry the pants with a hair dryer.
Brush the fur lightly over the face and use the fur glove's fingertips to massage your partner's temples.
Feel free to use a face mask once a week regardless of your skin type.
Spray the mix onto the area that needs to be shrunk.
Press the unsewn short edge in a ⁄4 inch (0.6 cm).
Put on your eyeliner, preferably black.
Undo the strap and turn the watch over.
Try ice.
Dry your amber off immediately using a soft, cloth.
Renew your cuticles.
Tie the strands together.
Pin the casing just below the waistline you marked on the dress.
Make the paste easily pliable.
Place the stone under a UV light to see if it glows blue to find a diamond.
Prepare the milk or juice carton.
Gather 1 end of the strands in a knot and tie it to your work surface.
Whisk in one egg yolk.
Clean your eyebrows daily when you wash your face.
Swipe white or very light eyeshadow across your upper eyelid.
Create a packing list to make sure you're prepared if you’re traveling.
Play a sport.
Buy a sheer blazer.
Select the material.
Wear shapewear on special occasions, not every day.
Intelligence and maturity are what make you classy, not the clothing.
Don’t be afraid to show off your assets.
Know the causes of tanning bed rash.
Sew the ends of the elastic together using a zigzag stitch.
Hang a bag organizer on the back of the door or on a closet rod.
Wear a pair of rugged combat boots for a laid-back style.
Slide the bar through the piercing to keep it in place.
Dip a folded-up rag or sponge into the bleach.
Cover your hair at night.
Finish making shoes.
Create a complete look by adding a hat to your ensemble.
Add a small pillow and blanket for the trip.
Stick with white dress socks for a subtle look.
Talk to a relative.
Improve wrinkles with laser resurfacing.
Begin stitching with either the darkest color thread OR the innermost section of the design.
Visit a store first if you aren’t sure what you need.
Stand up straight.
Beat the mixture together using a hand-held beater.
Wait for the water ejection process to complete.
Paint your nails blue.
Learn to reduce stress.
Keep your poncho casual with some strappy sandals.
Preps shop at Nordstrom's, Macy's, Barney and Saks.
Have your hair cut in a trendy style: Most "preps" would have their hair in a poofy rocker style.
Turn the purse right side out and iron it flat.
Scrub the bleach-soaked pumice stones onto the jeans wherever you choose.
Pair olive green pants with jewel-toned clothing.
Curl your hair, then brush the curls out partially.
Lay the jumper on a drying rack and shape the areas you want to shrink.
Stitch the hem down, 1/8 inch (0.32 centimeters) from the top folded edge.
Try a faux-hawk for a trendy, chick look.
Find the highest tip of your eyebrow.
Use a suede sealant.
Soak your nails/hands in a bowl of warm water.
Polish your stainless steel jewelry, if needed, with jewelry polish or polishing cloth.
Check for important objects before you leave a room or a car.
Feed the wire through the cord.
Separate your hair into sections.
Wear dress shoes to work and nice engagements.
Fill in sparse spots.
Avoid chemicals like chlorine.
Pull the wrung but wet shirt over the back of a dining chair.
Have patience and improve your wardrobe gradually.
Clean or polish your shoes regularly.
Rock nude lips.
Be aware of the ingredients in your deodorants and toothpastes.
Bumpits work equally as well on curly hair as they do on stick-straight hair, so don't grab that straightening iron just yet!.
Sew the hem.
Prime your skin with a light moisturiser or a non-greasy sun tan lotion.
Review the different styles of boots and any design features available.
Fashion a bow or other decoration out of the remaining length of tube.
Dust setting powder under your eyes to catch any excess eyeshadow.
Pair them with a slim-cut suit.
Talk constructively when shooting nudes.
Hire a tailor to make sizing adjustments and to add personal touches.
If you get thrown an over size under - wire bikini top, life can be a bit easier.
Avoid products that contain silicones and sulfates.
Keep your outfit casual with a backpack or fanny pack.
Add a line of concealer along the part at the end to make it look more natural.
Take extra precaution when in higher altitudes.
Write down ideas and provide feedback.
Look at the inside arch of the shoe.
Fill the bathtub.
Do not smoke or do drugs.
Apply some mousse or styling cream.
Chill down for the night.
If you want to wear some make up, the following will help to enhance your natural beauty without covering it up.
Have fun.
Wipe off the dried henna paste.
Wash your face with cocoa butter soap day and night.
Use a moisturizing mask once a week to keep your hair hydrated.
Color in your umbrella with light green.
Style your hair and makeup minimally.
Rinse thoroughly with warm water.
Don't panic.
Soak oral pieces in alcohol-free mouthwash.
Continue weaving back and forth.
Treat your skin conditions.
Blow dry it straight.
Create a casual look with a lightweight sports cardigan.
Stitch the second row of your sandal top.
Obtain a non-acetone nail polish remover or a gentle jewelry cleanser.
Makeup: Although wearing makeup is not a must, try maintaining a clear face.
Add perfume to steam for a wonderful waft of scent.
Plug the sink, and rinse the jewelry off with warm water.
Make book earrings.
Clean the washer.
Choose a neutral coloured hoodie if you want a versatile option.
Choose the right powder.
Sleep 7-8 hours a night to encourage healthy skin.
Go for the natural look.
Repeat Step 4 until you have no more hair to add.
Ask your general physician for their surgeon recommendations.
Let it dry completely.
Combine some rubbing alcohol and water.
In a small dish, carefully mix a few drops or sprays of perfume and some hand cream in a dish.
Set the style with hairspray, if desired.
Prep your hair in the shower with a nice shampoo and conditioner, making sure to thoroughly wash the product out afterwards.
Keep good personal hygiene.
Let the necklace soak in the solution.
Try a root booster.
Use a humidifier to add moisture in the air.
Repeat the rolling process for the rest of your hair.
Make a 1920s flapper dress.
Buy a curly wig either online or (if you live in the U.S.) go to Party City and buy a "Yo Mama" wig and stretch out the curls to make a Grizabella style wig.
Finish it up.
Explore your options.
Exercise every day to make sure your body is in tip-top shape.
Glue labels onto the cardboard strip, covering the whole thing.
Perform side plank lifts.
Select the occasion.
Address medical issues with a doctor.
Exfoliate your lips.
Resist the temptation to adorn yourself in too many red accessories.
Use Aloe Vera.
Ask your jeweler to knot the strand in between beads to provide the strand with added protection.
Buy higher quality clothing that will last.
Use hair shears to carefully cut the strands close to the Bunchem.
Look at the size equivalents in the other columns.
Avoid tanning beds or exposure to the sun to prevent further darkening.
Style a poofy-front ballerina bun.
Pick shirts with ruffles and embellishments if you're petite.
Mascara is fabulous for making eyelashes look longer.
Massage your client's hair (only the top and sides) with the shampoo.
Repeat the process until you have filled every cornrow.
Grind the lavender flowers into a fine powder and add them to the jar.
Soak your clippers.
Start thinking about ways to clamp the pieces in position while the glue dries.
Exercise for at least 1 hour a day.
Prepare the henna per the instructions on the package.
Go with him.
Add a few drops of liquid food coloring into the water.
Layer folded ties between your other clothing.
Store the coconut oil shaving cream in an airtight container.
Get a small bowl and fill it with about ⁄4 inch (0.6 cm) with water.
Finish the massage.
Look at your budget.
Add the Epsom salts and sea salt to the mixing bowl.
Clean your boots with a damp cloth if they get muddy.
Use a miswak stick.
Stitch the ponytail to the bun maker.
Lay the boxers face-up.
Choose your base coat and web color.
Gently push the bangle onto your hand.
Set your look with hairspray.
Make a braided braid.
Add 1 cup (128 g) of table salt to the water and stir it in.
Next, gently brush out tangles, starting at the ends and slowly working your way to the roots.
Clean off your makeup at night.
Appearance: This is a great step.
Remove pilling with scissors to keep your clothes looking fresh.
Eat a hair-healthy diet.
Try sprint or interval training.
Grab the cone like a piping bag if it is not very full.
Apply rolling pressure under the neck.
Insert the clip between the yukata and the obi in the back.
Shape your curls.
Try adding baking soda to your washing machine to brighten white clothing.
Know the basic bag rule.
Look for zippered jackets with wind flaps.
Be kind to the people you meet.
Break in the shoes prior to long wear.
Add the olive oil or coconut oil.
Push your cuticles back.
Get your hair 'done'.
Try drinking cranberry juice if you’re prone to urinary tract infections.
Use colors across from each other on the color wheel.
Try a medicated cream.
Pull the label away and use tweezers to pull out any remaining thread.
Cut your fabric.
Sew the elastic together.
Put gloves on your hands to prevent staining of skin.
Choose a gloss.
Use a sugar-lemon- honey wax.
Try on 2-3 different sizes of the style that you like.
Using an angle brush and matte black eyeshadow, press along the lash line and accentuate your wing.
Get a nose job.
Sew the elastic to the top edge of the waistband using a zigzag stitch.
Wear a necklace if school rules allow jewellery.
Dry and style hair as desired.
Research.
Learn how to care for umbrellas.
Try a half-up half-down look.
Allow to dry completely (about half an hour to an hour but check the manufacturer's recommendations).
Drink plenty of water to keep your skin well-hydrated.
Obtain prizes.
Create a mixture of vitamin C and distilled water.
Measure the length of your upper eyelid.
Throw away the ribbons.
Paint the inside of the stencil.
Learn about the risks.
To refresh black clothing, add strong coffee or tea to your rinse water.
Add the stars.
Un-tuck the legs and turn the shorts inside-out.
Pick leather, wool, or denim cropped pants to keep you warm.
Tuck in the pleated section.
You’ll feel better in quality clothes.
Create a formal or business-casual look by layering with a cardigan.
Clean teeth.
Let an egg sit in your hair.
Limit your bath and shower time and use warm, rather than hot, water.
Repeat this whole process at night, before sleeping.
Secure the bracelet.
Finish off with a pair of wayfarer sunglasses.
Disconnect your internet.
Find a covering.
Use a finishing spray.
Limit how long you wear a grill.
Install your organizer.
Pair wedges with your maxi skirt to add height and casual elegance.
Pair a simple, white slip with an oversized white sweater, and boots or ballet flats.
Prepare the paracords with different length (Colour is optional but the length of the paracords should not be less than the following as it is better for more than less).
Search for a city.
Pick up a little hair from your hairline on the right side and add it to strand 4.
Decide of what material you want to buy a solitaire ring.
Look for pieces that add to your lower half.
Whisk the ingredients thoroughly, until you can no longer see any sign of them ever being separate.
Try a washcloth or another small cloth if you have one.
Avoid using too much makeup.
Choose a pair of Adidas Yeezy Boost 350 for a casual athletic sneaker.
Apply a under eye bag cream, like the Origins GinZing refreshing eye cream, blending it in perfectly.
Wear a white T-shirt with your favorite pair of jeans.
Use binder tabs.
Apply mascara to your upper lashes as usual, especially in the corners.
Apply the mask to your face and relax for 20 minutes.
Repeat regularly to maintain the look.
Choose your fabric and texture.
Fill a glass bottle with clear, liquid coconut oil.
Strain out the petals and squeeze out any remaining water from them.
Place the patch over the hole, lay your jeans flat, and pin the patch to the jeans.
Place the fabric right-side-down into the button maker.
Consider the materials used in the boots you purchase.
Change your tampon regularly.
Use tampons cautiously.
Add a top coat.
Apply a small amount of vinegar to a clean cloth.
Remove stalks and leaves from the flowers.
Wrap the looped end around your wrist to get the circumference of your wrist.
When applying your makeup it is always very important to have good lighting.
Lay the dress on a table and measure the waistline circumference.
Use all natural or organic toothpaste and mouthwash.
Avoid smoking entirely.
Place flowers in a small bowl of filtered or pure water.
Avoid water, exercise and touching your skin.
Place the strip onto your nail.
Let the substance remain on the lenses for no more than 5 minutes.
Make tie dye paper.
Dry fresh leaves in the sun.
Wear a scarf with your turtleneck.
Stitch the fabric to the jeans using a tight running stitch.
Test for durability.
Using the same green teabag, boil enough water to steam your face.
Gather your hair into three half-up, half-down ponytails.
Give all the skin a treat.
Braid the sections for two stitches.
Stick to purchasing merchandise directly from Ralph Lauren.
Pin the clothing to 1 or both sides of the top of the hanger with safety pins.
Consider deep conditioning once a week.
Reduce stress levels.
Cut out 4 pocket pieces, if desired.
Tie your scarf in a bow.
Opt for a light scarf in summer.
Position the long edge of the pareo around the back of your waist.
Hold the spray 6 inches (15 cm) away from the shoes and spray them.
Cleanse your cup with unscented soap and warm water.
Run yourself a hot bath.
Prepare all the things you will need (see Things You'll Need).
Twist your hair over itself once.
Apply a clear coat.
Purchase TOMS shoes from authorized retailer.
Curl the section around the flat iron away from the mannequin’s face.
Pair black leather boots with a black turtleneck and dress pants.
Listen.
Thread a needle with at least 18 in (46 cm) of thread.
Roll up the sleeves for a casual appearance.
Place the top part of the boot under your tire.
Learn about polarized glasses.
Apply heat protectant to avoid heat damage.
Store your sarees in a cool, dark place so they don’t fade.
Tickle the bottom of your baby’s feet if they are curling their toes.
If you have sensitive skin, try sugaring.
Clean your skin with a gentle cleanser.
Wear Oxfords with a button-down, blazer, and heels for a semi-formal look.
Go to a professional barber who specializes in men’s cuts.
Cut out 2 pieces for the 2 sleeves.
Dampen a washcloth with water, then dip it into the mixture you’ve created.
Buy new toothbrush heads in bulk to save money.
Include protein in your daily diet.
Start by cleaning your face with a gentle cleanser.
Apply glitter with a fresh paintbrush.
Make sure your jewelry is hypoallergenic to prevent allergic reactions.
Rinse off the shoes with cold water.
Brush the dye on sections of your upper lashes, one eye at a time.
Once it has dried, you may want to put it in a clip, a mini-ponytail, or the like.
Set up clothing racks and other organizers.
Simmer your dying material in a large pot with water for 1 hour.
Follow with an oil-free moisturizer.
Do lunges.
Get weekly microneedling treatments for 4 to 6 weeks.
Line the outer edge of your lower eyelash line in black eyeshadow.
Purchase a shoe stretcher that fits your style shoe.
Expand your interests and join a club.
Detangle your hair again to distribute the conditioner.
Stir in the essential oil.
Sheer blouses are a very good option to play around with color blocking.
Layer winter essentials over black leggings and a sleek black dress.
Pluck stray eyebrow hairs.
Bring out the outerwear.
Mix well.
Set it up.
Gather the right equipment.
Let the scarf dry for about 20 or 30 minutes.
Insert a foam form or a bottle into the gasket opening to stretch it out.
Prepare your bag.
Use tattoo cover-up.
Know your hair.
Inspect your curls.
Create your drawing.
Use an ice wrap to harden the gum.
Contact your state's agency that oversees massage therapists (these will vary from state to state) to determine what the state's requirements are for massage therapists to be properly licensed.
To you, close up, this may look odd but remember that most of the time judges get a holistic view of your body from about 30 feet (9.1 m) or a more away.
Find a table or counter top with a sharp edge.
Keep your clothing down at all times.
Wash out the deep conditioner.
Gently sweep the blusher that is left on the brush across your forehead, your nose and anywhere else to take away what can sometimes become a 'ghostly' look.
Show off your sense of humor by telling jokes and funny stories.
Check out different stores for poufs.
Wrap a clean sock in toilet paper for a quick fix.
If needed, also spend the summer learning something new.
Add aluminum sulfate to your water.
Prepare.
Repeat Step 3 until all of the 4-inch section you were holding is ratted.
Elevate your outfit with a flowy blouse.
Take your robe with you when you travel for added comfort.
Cover the floor with a rug or carpet if the floor is cold.
Remove pollen stains from wooden surfaces with soapy water.
Set the bag in a basin of warm water.
Learn how to Dutch braid.
Reduce the number of showers you take.
Double check your coin supply.
Sleep in a silk scarf.
Apply the mask to your face.
Be confident.
Instead of going to the store to buy something that has many chemicals try a 100% safe and organic product like 100% pure cosmetics.
Try a ballerina bun with a one-shouldered dress.
Wardrobe.
Think about how you're going to match the colours to your outfit.
Wash your hair less frequently.
Flex your child's foot at the ankle from side to side.
Don't be afraid to wear a pocket watch as a woman.
Add the tea bag to your tub and fill up with water.
Spend a lot of time on grooming.
Expect the laser technician to apply a topical anesthetic cream or a warm compress prior to treatment.
Hold the oil under your tongue for 30 seconds if you’re using a tincture.
Sew the crotch.
Make a list of other personal things like, taking a shower, brushing your teeth, doing homework, etc.
Remove unwanted stomach hair with raw papaya.
Use a comb to lift the frontmost section of the top box.
Don’t wear any socks if it’s warm out.
Combine the baking soda, cornstarch and tea tree oil in a bowl.
Style your hair and let it finish air drying.
Check out free massage locator websites.
Test the temperature, then apply to the hair while warm or hot as follows:.
Massage the soles of your feet, pull your toes back towards you and massage the heel and ankle areas.
Use blush to enhance the appearance of your breasts.
Highlight your eyes with a skin-tone shade of eyeshadow.
Try it out!.
Quickly glance in a mirror before the photo is taken if you get the chance.
Mix the ingredients together, then make any necessary adjustments.
Tuck your hair into the headband.
Comb your hair, making sure all the knots are out.
Try a scalp treatment.
Store your foundation in an airtight container.
If you've done everything and the person is still following you, it probably means that the person plans on harming you.
Have an air about you.
Fold the circle into eighths.
Fold all of the strings in half.
Choose a color within two shades of your own.
Style your hair to conceal the scar if it’s on your forehead or cheek.
Jewelry.
Take a white eyeliner and apply to the inner corner of your eyes.
Wait until the oils start to partially solidify.
Protect your hair.
Connect the bidet's water supply pipe to the lower opening of the T-joint.
Pat your skin dry, and apply moisturizer, if needed.
Make a maple-brown sugar scrub.
Soak the chain in a baking soda bath.
Sew the ends of the elastic together with a straight stitch.
Set design in place by applying a blow dryer to each painted section for approximately 20 seconds.
Repeat the cross-over process again.
Wrap an orange band around your ring and middle fingers.
Try a milk and honey bath for a luxurious way to get baby soft skin.
Rinse with cold water to close them up.
Try out jackets, chunky knit cardigans and hoodies.
Pour ½ cup (120 milliliters) of boiled water into a bowl.
Avoid using bleach when washing your shoes.
Angle your fingers up and cut under them to create the layer.
Pair it with a leather jacket to add a little edge.
Use this scrub before or while taking a shower.
Don't forget a hairbrush or comb.
Style it with a beard comb or brush.
Try "anti-aging" foods.
Dip a cotton swab in isopropyl alcohol.
Store your cup in a clean, dry location until its next use.
Utilize your bed for a few moments.
Use baby oil.
Let the plant material simmer for at least 1 hour or overnight.
Connect X, Y and Z.
Using light green, draw one arc in the middle of each space.
Focus on how the shoes feel.
Shut the water supply to the flushing tank.
Add one or two drops of dish soap to any mixture for extra clarity once the lenses are wiped.
Dry your shoes outside.
Mix your own deodorizing powder.
Apply tape strips to your nails.
Wear identical brooches on the tops of your shoes to add a unique twist.
Let your shoes air-dry for at least 12 hours.
Cover your head with a shower cap and hot towel after applying the mask.
Distract yourself.
Choose neutral colors for an everyday look.
Using the damp cloth or sponge, wipe off any excess reside to make sure there's no bubbles.
Spread the mask over your face.
Moisturize daily.
Stick to classic colors and thoughtful patterns.
Select a hat that flatters your hairstyle.
Protect your hair from environmental damage.
Stitch the lower seam.
Saturate a cotton ball with nail polish remover.
Continue until the bracelet is long enough.
Cut the tube so that it is that length, plus approximately 2 inches.
Dry it with a polishing cloth.
Reapply your yogurt conditioner every other week.
Soak the ring in water and ammonia.
Choose a date on which you want to dye your hair.
Tug the leg down so that the cuff touches the crotch part of the pants.
Match a delicate dress with delicate accessories.
Wear the belt around your waist for comfort and security.
Wear heels.
Dry your feet.
Place pants in a drawer by file-folding them to see them all at once.
Locate the hipbones and measure around them.
Check out the new facial laser treatments.
Obtain a nylon swimsuit.
Use your deodorant.
Write a journal entry.
Use a camomile tea rinse.
Blend together well.
Apply the blush.
Decide what hue of amethyst you wish to buy.
Learn how to give great massages.
Twirl your ponytail.
Use quick-drying nail polish products.
Massage into skin after showering or bathing.
Sew the two pieces together with patterned or "right" sides together.
Turn your pants inside out.
Pat your face dry with a soft towel.
Grab the second layer of hair.
Lighten your hair with tea.
Wear comfortable shoes that don’t restrict or rub your feet.
Tuck in the ends.
Twist the straps to form a 1 shoulder dress.
Sew down the side of the thumb.
Soak your hair with lemon juice.
Go for an edgy look with black polish.
Fold your clutch over and finish.
See your doctor if natural products don’t manage your body odor.
Bottle the scented liquid in the diffuser.
Cover what you like, leave for all to see what you like.
Decide whether you want to wear perfume or cologne.
Find the perfect colour.
Hold the saree with both hands and pleat.
Enjoy your new and more colorful shoes!.
In a bowl, pour either body lotion or an already homemade sunblock that you made.
Sterilize grooming tools before and after each use to prevent infections.
Apply to face and neck with an old makeup brush or an exfoliating glove.
Rinse off the toothpaste from the ring with warm water.
Take off the laces and pretreat any stains with laundry detergent.
Put your hair into a neat ponytail.
Wear a hoodie that is labelled as oversized if you want a flattering fit.
Put your leggings on a drying rack or hang them on a clothes hanger to dry.
Tease your roots by combing towards the scalp.
Apply a balm to hydrate and smooth your lips.
Identify times and situations that cause sweat-related odors.
Don't rub it in.
Fill in your lips with a nude-colored lipstick.
Keep everything else simple.
Use soft tissue to blow your nose.
Use a splash of color.
Open the clips on your extensions.
Stretch your hands once more to complete the massage.
Use flavored drink packets for a more temporary dye.
Try a mixture of salt and water.
Avoid coordinating with your outfit too much.
Pay a jeweler to add a metal spring insert to your ring for a comfortable fix.
Believe in yourself.
Add your first coat of glitter.
Wash off your makeup at the end of the day.
Remove the paper once the shoes are dry.
Thread your center bead.
Go with a pair of tall boots to stay warm and chic.
Refer to the things needed at the bottom of this page.
Dampen your hair with water from a spray bottle.
Choose a liner that matches your natural lip color.
Determine whether or not there could be any visitors coming over to your house.
Eat a balanced diet and drink plenty of water.
Take a shower after you work out.
Reduce the puffiness of your eyes with ice cubes.
File your nails into any shape you want to.
Exfoliate once a week.
Open your arms back  to your sides and carefully lower your head to the floor for one complete rep.
Pack your cell phone, and a charger if needed.
Use the one-touch rule for email.
Tap the On switch {"smallUrl":"https:\/\/www.wikihow.com\/images\/2\/28\/Android7switchon.png","bigUrl":"https:\/\/www.wikihow.com\/images\/2\/28\/Android7switchon.png","smallWidth":460,"smallHeight":394,"bigWidth":760,"bigHeight":651.4285714285714,"licensing":"<div class=\"mw-parser-output\"><p>I edited this screenshot of an Android icon.\n<\/p><p>License: <a rel=\"nofollow\" class=\"external text\" href=\"http:\/\/en.wikipedia.org\/wiki\/Fair_use\">Fair Use<\/a><br>\n<\/p><\/div>"}.
Take your shoes to a dry cleaner if you can’t remove the mark.
If you don't mind wearing gloves, they can really dress up the little black dress.
Scan the Public Address QR code using your bitcoin app.
Buy the right size.
Apply the conditioner.
When it comes to bright colors, use them sparingly.
Wait for your nails to dry.
Melt the cocoa butter in a double-boiler.
Try an exfoliate.
Lay down on a flat surface.
Add the essential oils and whip the mixture.
Work the neck and shoulders with your thumbs.
Use lip balm.
Wear large bright out there earrings.
Insert a new strand of hair between them.
Embrace the cowlick!.
Take your braid out after you've slept.
Use shampoo and conditioner rich in protein and glycerin.
Apply highlighter to the inner corners of your eyes.
Look for cold-pressed extra virgin (EVOO) or virgin olive oil.
Wear a slip if the material is very sheer or thin.
Grab the hair on the top of your head.
Assess the risk you have have from electrocution or heavy objects falling on your feet.
Smooth on your face.
Enjoy!.
Shave and trim beard so it's neat.
Clean your face daily for healthy skin and a good base.
Exercise in the right environment.
Wait for your Apple Watch to unlock.
Run the clothes under cold water to deactivate the bleach.
Soak your menstrual cup in warm water for 2-3 minutes.
Look at the zipper!.
Close the bottle and shake it to mix the ingredients together.
Draw a line around the outside of your lips to quickly increase the size.
Create individual knots on both sides of the lace.
Coats.
Use a file folder or another kind of stiff paper to make the soles.
Try to think about things like going through security.
Mix a baking soda paste.
Iron out any wrinkles in your clothes to look polished and put together.
Eat a diet rich in calcium.
Lift the folded edge over the rolled up shirt.
Use a very red lipstick.
Start with the lower sections.
Apply wig glue along your hairline to position the wig for long-term wear.
Catch up with friends and family.
Be yourself and your personality shows through your appearance.
Pull the bottom layer of your hair out of the way once it is dry.
Keep your legs moisturized.
Use a dryer sheet to keep your Spanx from clinging to your clothes.
Find a store, in your town or online, that sells spikes.
Scarf braid the tail ends.
Fold Panel A1.
Avoid biting your nails.
Continue wrapping your hair all the way around your head.
Put on sunscreen after applying the day cream.
Consider a mattifying gel.
Smile.
Plug the charger into a wall outlet.
Meet with a counselor.
Use a Q-Tip.
Switch out your heavy earrings for lighter ones.
Set your curls with hair spray.
Wash your face and eyes.
Apply all over the face.
Cut the toe off a sock and roll it up to make a sock bun.
Open the shower curtain.
Change up the type of layers you have.
Learn to sew.
Expect to see a difference in 2 to 4 weeks.
Secure the earring by closing the metal loop with pliers.
Set the comb to the best temperature for your hair type.
Get 8 to 10 hours of sleep every night!.
Apply any additional products.
Keep sun lamps out of your home.
Discuss surgical excision with your doctor.
Concentrate on dry and rough patches of skin by massaging the cream into these areas.
Moisturize your skin after plucking.
Use a sock or some newspaper for a more gentle stretch.
Apply powder to your feet to keep them dry and sweet-smelling.
Choose a thick, molded foot bed for extra comfort.
Track your bags.
Loop around a hairband.
Bring cotton swabs or a makeup remover pen just in case.
Pat your weave with a paper towel before letting it air dry.
Pay attention to the season.
Get emergency care for an allergic reaction to a dandruff shampoo.
Brush your brows.
Line the top of the measuring tape up with the top of the jewelry.
Use your finger to press the pigment in.
Go with classy, bold bracelets for a preppy style.
Add poofs to the ponytail for long hair.
Go for a tinted moisturizer or BB cream.
Renovate your work basics.
Align your heel and toes to the edge of the sandal.
Make your straps.
Practice with your contact person on different ways to approach your family.
Go for a messy bed head look by rubbing your hair randomly.
After soaking, remove one foot (right or left, your preference) from the water and leave the other to soak.
Carefully smooth some almond oil all over your hands (through the gaps, up the nails, across the palms, everywhere).
Take four thin strands of hair.
Arrange your calendar however you want.
Wash your face.
Decorate the paper.
Apply a brow serum after exfoliating.
Do not blow dry, this will cause a lot of useless tangles that will ruin your extensions.
Apply a natural oil, such as olive or coconut oil, to restore the leather’s sheen.
Sleep well.
Wrap the duster cloth around your index finger, making sure there are no wrinkles.
Choose a shade of blond that contrasts your undertones.
Rinse your body off with water.
Cut the seam, across the leather, leaving equal space on both sides.
Set aside enough time.
Wash your hair in cold water to reduce volume and frizz.
Wash, boil, or dampen the jacket with hot water before ironing.
Cut off the sleeves, then cut horizontally below the collar.
Wear a matching structured blazer for a professional outfit.
Have a sense of humor.
Wipe the surface of each nail with alcohol to remove the tacky layer.
Gather your rollers.
Rotate the handle clockwise to open the boot stretcher until it’s tight.
Have a used jewelry sale.
Update the hair.
Think wide straps for swimwear.
Wear leggings that are made of fancy material.
Repeat regularly!.
Pack your diet with foods that are high in protein.
Buy perfume samples on eBay.
Remove your eye makeup every night with eye-specific wipes.
Swipe on mascara or apply false lashes.
Expand your favorite skirt into a dress.
Always wash your hands before touching your ears.
Keep moving.
Turn the sleeve back at the shoulder.
Spot test a small area first.
Educate yourself on ingredients.
Ask to keep the conversation private.
Check if your wood stain is water-based.
Hang the jeans out to dry in the sun.
Consider synthetic skin.
Keep things simple with a half-up, half-down ponytail.
Eat healthy to feel healthy, improving your weight, skin, and even mental health.
When in doubt, buy or order a miswak twig.
Do the same for the left side.
Anything extra should be taken in hand luggage.
Use social media to track new releases.
Use silver shoe linings.
Slowly drive the in styler to the roots of the hair.
Use silicone-free shampoos.
Pour the rosewater into a jar through a strainer.
Try a bold lip color.
Accessorize with a pop of red to stand out.
Personalize your outfit using scarves or jewelry if you wear a uniform.
Practice good posture to center your weight over your feet.
Wear eyeliner or false lashes.
Get your hair colored professionally.
Try the belt on.
Push the stick out of the outermost coil on the other side of the bun.
Put a belt around your waist to accentuate your curves.
Dissolve 2 cups of laundry detergent in 8 liters (2.1 US gal) of warm water.
Measure from the waist down to where you want the petticoat to end.
Trim your nails every few weeks at least.
Start with slender tampons.
While exhaling, move the bow towards the back (clockwise).
Choose a thin, round placemat.
Let the bleach sit for 30 minutes.
Carefully pour the mixture into molds.
Apply the metallic color that fits you over your whole eyelid to the crease.
Tape and fasten loose ends together.
Accessorize with a webbed necklace.
Rub orange peel on your teeth.
Wear a scruffy beard with your turtleneck if you have facial hair.
Spray the stain with an enzyme cleaner to remove stubborn set-in stains.
Find and show a talent.
If the garment or shoes are ripped, torn and cannot be tailored or worn, recycle it.
Wear dark contacts.
Add in the sugar.
Find out why your hair is thinning before you treat yourself.
Thread the laces through the fifth hole.
Start mixing the liquid base (water) with the hand-mixer,and slowly pour 1/8 tsp Xantham gum into the liquid;.
Sew feet onto PJ legs 1/4 of an inch from the leg edges and 1/2 of an inch from the top of the ankle socks.
Use a boar bristle paddle brush or plastic combs to avoid breakage.
Use the curler on your lashes.
Crush up some dried lavender and mix it into the oil.
Make every aspect of your life seem glamorous.
Eat healthy foods.
Wear sunscreen every day.
Get the right size.
Wash your hair as normal after the time is up.
Fold the cord.
Use jojoba oil to remove oil-based makeup.
Pinch your big toe and pointer toe together as you walk.
Use older shoes for dirty or damaging tasks.
Eat dinner whilst watching something or reading a book.
Make SIM card earrings.
Eat walnuts.
Think about it in advance.
Apply white lipstick.
Bring the water to a simmer.
Use photo editing software to make and print 4 in × 6 in (10 cm × 15 cm) calendar cards (option 1).
Remember to be hygienic.
Distribute the mask evenly throughout dry hair.
Place four pins in your hair.
Prepare for multiple treatments.
When planning your absolute necessities, make sure to plan ahead.
Take care of your clothes so they last longer.
Home invasions are tricky comparing if you have more of a bigger house, considering there will be more ways to get in, compared to a small house, with limited ways to get in.
Opt for ripped jeans to give off a rugged vibe.
Select and moisten the first strand of hair.
Correct a bad dye job with a gloss treatment.
Wear a lace bra underneath.
Draw a vertical line from the bust piece to the bottom of the T-shirt.
Consider buying your accessories and shoes at the time you buy your dress.
Boil an egg.
Eat avocado: These contain foliate which helps blood formation.
Carry a big bag.
Ask about topical retinoid treatments.
Spray the mixture under your arms.
The result should appear like the image above.
Create a fabric overlay.
If the therapist doesn't ask, volunteer this important information:  what areas require attention, and whether or not you have any health conditions, or whether you've had any surgeries or past or current injuries.
Sew a box around the handle edges and then sew an x across to really secure the straps.
Spray your face with the mist.
Next, squeeze some of the excess water out of the hair.
Allow the shirt to dry.
Consider priming your eyelids, from lash line to brow, using an eyeshadow primer.
Insert the tied end of the ponytail into a large bun maker.
Be cautious when getting a professional pedicure in a nail salon.
Switch the straps.
Enter your assignments.
Use steel wool on dry stains.
Now, to add depth and definition, sweep the darkest shadow into your crease (the "sinking" place just above your eyelid).
Pin together two pieces of fleece, a right hand and a left hand, with white thread.
Secure the braid with a thin elastic tie.
Smooth the buffer marks with the next coarsest side.
Don't respond.
Cease use if you have an allergic reaction.
Complete your outfit with a hat for an easy solution.
Care for thinning hair.
Shave in the shower.
Sleep on a silk or satin pillowcase to prevent hair damage.
Opt for a classy look with dress shirt and nice pants.
Color your lips.
Go skinny dipping with a friend or supportive partner.
Make sure that the Apple Watch is in Water Lock mode.
Nails.
Make sure you wake up early enough to actually get ready.
Cover your dark circles with an under eye concealer.
Do your hair.
Schedule a doctor’s appointment if you have unexplained night sweats.
Let the mask sit overnight for best results.
Decide the price.
Make a brown sugar cookie scrub if you like sweet things.
Sleep on your back.
Add another band above your remaining two.
Talk to a dry cleaner about shrinking your shirt.
Gently dab your face dry.
Squeeze a little of your everyday toothpaste into your glass.
Every 15 minutes or so agitate your item, and start to check the color.
Add your Dead Sea salt to the warm water.
Blend the lines further into your chest with a contour shade.
DO NOT USE ON YOUR FACE.
Wear a pin as the buckle of a ribbon belt.
Brush and floss daily.
Aim the nozzle of a hair dryer on the cool setting at the wrinkles.
Get immediate treatment for an allergic reaction to a topical treatment.
No shadows or glare on the image or background.
Fill the cup with earring solution or rubbing alcohol.
Place the pot with the aloe mixture into a bowl of ice.
Remove the tape carefully and make any touch-ups, if necessary.
Blend the black and gold/silver on the outer corners of your eyes to your other makeup.
Separate the rest of your hair into quarters.
Use a colourless lip balm to your pout> Use a little more if your lips are dry.
Comb your hair when it's wet.
Pull your hair up into “the pineapple.” Gather dry hair at the top of your head, then secure it loosely with a scrunchie.
Place your partner in the supine position.
If it falls into one of those categories, you'll be fine.
Mix a soapy mixture to use on sneakers.
Pin the pocket pieces in between pieces #1 and #2.
Spray both sides of the smaller cardboard rectangle with spray adhesive.
Purchase a good herbal toner.
If you'd like to use the potato, simply slice off a small amount where you were using it to rub and discard, and use the remainder of the half.
Place silicone sheets over your scars for 12 hours a day for 3 months.
Heat the gelatin and the water until the gelatin dissolves.
Make sure the elastic stays straight.
Minimize your sugar intake.
Opt for a cab.
Add cinnamon to your conditioner.
Choose lighter colors of nail polish instead of darker shades.
Use a brush to apply champagne color to the top of your lid to the crease.
Begin your weave.
Find old buttons.
Pick out your favorite pajamas.
Use hair masks.
Make a list on different actions and characteristics.
Use baby powder for oily hair.
Keep going until the chevron bracelet is as long as you want it.
Use apple cider vinegar.
Remove the fabric from the pot and rinse it in cold water.
Moisturize your hands to keep them from getting dried out.
Use a belt hanger for belts.
Avoid extended contact with your skin.
Rinse out the color.
Apply this mixture to your face.
Add a C-clip or S-clip to both ends of your bracelet.
Use concealer as needed.
Put some baby oil on and/or scented lotion when you're done with your bath.
Cut 18 inches (45.72 centimeters) of braided leather cord.
Pack extra items.
Apply nail polish.
Pencil in a darker beard.
Organize your closet so that you have a place for your shoes, whether it's a shoe rack or just a place on the floor.
Buy at least 1/4 yard (22.86 cm) of the fabric of your choice.
Scoop the lotion into glass jars and let it cool.
Blend.
Purchase or make a pattern in your height and size.
Drain all the water out of the sink.
Put on some jewels.
Pour out half (try saving it in another spray bottle) and dilute the rest with water.
Don't be concerned about the cost.
Visit a dermatologist if your breast skin is sagging.
Attach a bow for a girly touch.
Put pins in your jacket to add extra flair.
Wear makeup.
Elevate and ice the affected finger for 5-10 minutes to reduce swelling.
See a doctor if you have unexplained smells.
Make a clarifying mayonnaise mask with vinegar or lemon juice.
Take care of your skin and body.
Try tie dying your nails.
Keep the seams lined up when folding shorts.
The first time you wear or use your item, be careful, as some color may transfer.
Use your shower’s steam to set curls.
To discourage fading colors, add 1/3 cup of white vinegar to your rinse cycle.
Rub a Veet wax strip between your hands to warm it up.
Pass the loop of the headpin through the earring loop, and then close the loop using the pliers.
Make sure your hair is clean and dry.
Use the gentle or delicate setting on your washing machine for cotton or polyester scarves.
Use a cotton swab or a gloved finger to rub baby oil onto the stain.
Use warm water to wet your neck area.
Use your ring finger to apply eye creams.
Pour a small amount of oil into the palm of your hand.
Choose a new string.
Add lid (screw tightly) and shake vigorously.
Add Santa's head.
Take care of your edges to avoid damaged roots.
Get your hair trimmed about once every three months.
On top of this, rub in plenty of hand cream.
Record anything else that the tailor or seamstress requests.
Go to a reliable and certified piercing studio.
Record results.
Hair is one of the most important parts of looking good.
Never forget to brush your teeth before you walk out the door.
Dry your wet hair with your head flipped over.
Wear butt enhancing shapewear or padding for an instant boost.
Add hair to the bottom strand before crossing it over.
Let your hair dry overnight.
Choose an organizer.
Use a hot air brush to style short hair.
Apply some false lashes to your mascara by brushing eyelash glue onto them.
Always walk with purpose.
Visit a dermatologist for a prescription-strength anti-aging cream.
Share a bath.
Outline your school name in colorful fabric markers.
Apply white colored nail polish.
Wear loose clothing to your appointment.
Go the barber for a change.
Paint on your base coat and wait for it to dry.
Brush out your curls if desired.
Replace the individual spikes for a subtle custom look.
Place the ball in position.
Rinse under running warm water.
Apply some body spray to make you smell good.
Get two other pieces from the top of the head.
Let the hair oil cool for approximately 30 minutes.
Increase your vocabulary, and stay away from slang terms.
Hang the denim to dry until it is partially dry.
Consider flared jeans or pants.
Have the jeweler shrink the ring by cutting out some of the band.
Collect your ingredients.
Fold the bust piece up to see the finished dress.
Adjust your posture.
Don't give up on charms.
Stay informed on current events.
Apply a clear top coat.
Add a watch or bag to dress your look up a little.
Wet a sponge with cold water and wipe away the baking soda mixture.
Eat right, don't not eat at all.
Apply waterproofing.
Get a free-standing clothing rack if you’re out of closet space.
Use shampoo sparingly so it doesn’t dry out your hair.
Spritz your bun with hair spray to keep it intact.
Clean Your Pearls.
Transfer the mixture to a dispenser bottle if you want.
Submit your forms to your local family court.
Print, cut, and glue photos and calendar pages onto 4 in × 6 in (10 cm × 15 cm) card stock (option 2).
Be sure to check your makeup prior to the shoot.
Ward off negativity and unwanted energy with the protection of an opal.
Make yourself a nice hot drink.
Brush your hair and apply heat protectant.
Push back your bangs if you have short hair.
Make an appointment for wounds or ulcers that don’t heal up in a week.
Apply the hair mask to your hair with a hair coloring brush.
Get a mini, solid-colored parasol and open it.
Use lightly scented body oil instead of lotion.
Avoid excessive heat.
Keep the makeup simple.
Pair a white visor with a white tennis outfit for a classic tennis pro style.
Apply some mascara.
Reduce the width of the toe block before inserting it into your shoe.
Close the bottle, then shake it to combine the ingredients.
Eat oats: Very high in soluble fiber, and complex carbohydrates.
Seek professional help.
Fold the waistband down and sew along the bottom edge.
Maintain humidity between 45 and 55 percent.
Clean and condition your hair regularly.
Ask your child how the shoe feels on their feet.
Give yourself an organic manicure or pedicure or get an organic manicure or pedicure.
Start dyeing your shirt.
Pull Spanx shorts up to your bra line for a smooth line up your torso.
Reconfigure your fashion item.
Cover a large table with newspaper.
Drape a soft measuring tape down your back, starting at your shoulder.
Wear a lot of different clothing, but ask your mother if this is also the best course of action to take, just in case you disregard your school rules.
Exercise caution when using essential oils.
Continue using sunscreen.
Search for free massage contests.
Pin the edges together.
Use makeup remover on your face.
Choose a monochromatic color scheme with your blazer for work.
Lift a stain from a bathroom surface by spraying it with hairspray.
After that, you need to grab the string off your ring finger on your right hand with your index finger on your left hand.
Clean your privet parts with an old but clean cotton cloth after soaking it in water mixed with right amount of any antiseptic liquid, do this at least every time after secretion.
Blot your hair to soak up the excess water and shake your hair out!.
Set your laces to dry on a drop cloth or old newspaper.
Use a hot oil treatment.
Choose your binder.
Keep your nails even.
Choose a licensed healthcare provider.
Make a list of artists.
Draw the wallet pattern pieces on paper and cut each piece out.
Start cleaning the inside of the bag as gently as possible.
Place your ring in the cleaner and close it.
Melt your coconut oil.
Place chilled black or green tea bags on your eyes.
Show off sophistication with darker polish.
Avoid keeping your nails in wet or dirty environments.
Blink before smiling.
Open up the Right.
Apply the gel to your hair.
Interact with whatever's around you.
Dress to show off, or to hide your freckles.
Add lemon juice to the mixture.
Avoid taking very hot or excessively long showers.
Ask about their work.
Make sure you are exercising effectively and safely.
Wear dark dress pants to make your cardigan stand out.
Avoid pulling on the shirt cuffs or bottom hem.
At the end, fold one of the cords to make an end loop.
Blend the corrector in with your fingers.
Apply a matte finish base: light-medium coverage foundation or a BB cream with a light dusting of translucent powder (of course avoiding the eyelids).
Choose blush and lipstick in bright, natural colors.
Wear a midi dress with slouchy boots for an understated look.
Express your concerns.
Repeat the above step with the other side of the band to complete the stitch.
Apply foundation first.
Apply black liquid eyeliner to your upper lid and flick out slightly, following the angle of your lower lid.
Hang a shoe organizer behind the door.
Consider vertically-striped pants if you’re short.
Dip a soft cleaning cloth into olive oil.
Tuck in the other end.
Apply facial adhesive patches to prevent wrinkles from frowning.
Treat bug bites.
Straighten your hair to give it extra shine.
Combine one part water and one part rubbing alcohol in a bowl.
Choose a style.
Apply Rosen’s Ointment to your child’s lips.
Condition your nails.
Match your tie with your eyes.
Use a crossed handbag or rugged backpack to carry your belongings.
Bunch up areas of the jeans, if desired.
Throw on some shades to make your outfit more casual.
Find an eating disorder specialist if you have anorexia or bulimia.
Section off the hair that you want to braid.
Be aware that this technique may damage your natural nails.
Combine the jojoba oil, beeswax, and mica in a heated  double boiler.
Avoid statement necklaces and bracelets.
Slip on sandals with your T-shirt dress for a feminine, summery outfit.
Add volume with teasing and styling.
Keep an open mind.
With a steady hand, using a black (or grey, a subtler look) liquid or gel eyeliner, you can draw on your bottom eyelashes.
Join hair to the strand in the back and cross it under the middle section.
Don't go overboard on the makeup.
Make a stencil of your design.
Have fun, and be yourself.
Pin all around the dress.
Use antiperspirant or deodorant.
Group together shirts, then pants, then suits, so it's easy to find things fast every morning or when you're on the go.
Avoid sporty clothes like track pants and hoodies.
Wear a sheer overlay.
Repeat this process with the other section of hair.
Rub petroleum jelly around your hairline so the dye doesn’t stain your skin.
Weigh your bag with a scale.
Use avocado oil as a mask, conditioner, or scalp massage treatment.
Dress right for photographs.
Prepare for the mask by washing your face and tying your hair back.
Attach the tool's clip to the end of bracelet.
Part your hair.
Opt for patterned suspenders against a single-toned shirt.
Know your school's evacuation drills/procedures.
To select the right material you need to consider durability, wash-ability and the upcoming season.
Position whatever embellishments you have in mind with pins (watch out not to poke yourself) and play around with them to see what look you like most.
Find out the return policy before you buy anything.
Size it up.
Layer a shawl or kimono over your LBD for a look that’s warm and glam.
Use salt water soaks.
Wear shoes that you will likely wear with whatever you're trying on.
Use topical medications to treat a bacterial, fungal, or yeast infection.
Complete the look with the right shoes.
Fold the small strip so the edges overlap and secure them with glue.
Repeat the curling and releasing process on all of the hair in your ponytail.
Place ingredients in double boiler, or a makeshift double boiler.
Put on the protective eyewear.
Blast your hair with cold air.
Clear up redness and inflammation with topical medications.
Exercise more.
Line the backs with double-sided tape.
Grasp the opposite end of the scarf and wrap it snugly around your wrist.
Care for your makeup.
Position the ring inside the piercing.
Know that even oily skin needs face cream.
If you have holiday fabric you are off to a great start.
Braid your natural hair before putting on the wig.
Use a wide-toothed comb, not a brush.
Match the shoe to the sport if you’re buying athletic shoes.
Fold a pencil skirt in half and place it on top of your fabric.
Download a 12-month calendar for the upcoming year.
Sweep bronzer onto your face to contour it into a heart shape.
Follow these steps to rid your ring of tarnish:.
Tailor your old dress.
Adopt a positive attitude so people like spending time with you.
Plug in your curling tongs.
Use a hair dryer to heat up bigger scratches as you rub them in.
Visit a dermatologist to diagnose pigmentation issues or skin diseases.
Choose the correct brush that suits your hair.
Tap Add Music….
Bring an umbrella if it's wet outside.
Transfer the scrub into a muffin tin with a spoon.
Thread one of the beads onto a pin.
Don't use harsh solvents.
Add plaid.
Heat-set the compound with a hair dryer or heat gun for about a minute.
Wait 8-12 hours to shower and wash your face.
Wash the linen with similar colors.
Use powder foundation for additional matte coverage (optional).
Bleach the overalls (optional).
Ta-da!.
Take synthetic melanin hormone injections to darken your skin.
Make a homemade icing bag for the mascara.
Put on a tight-fitting sweater to define your waist.
Try a heat curler or roller curlers.
Make a nourishing mayonnaise mask with milk and honey.
Read catalogs from schools near you or that offer the type of massage you wish to study.
Fold the seam in half.
Look into the use of laser treatments.
Try a spiral curl perm if you have short hair that's on the longer side.
Consider reducing weight on the rest of your body.
Submerge the jeans into the boiling water for 20-30 minutes.
Wrap a scarf around your chest, then tie it for a strapless look.
Wear a maid-style apron.
Adjust your hair.
Get a taxi home.
Wear neutral colors and simple patterns to look sleek and stylish.
Purchase material for your dress.
Take your pants to a tailor for alterations.
Hold a round brush under your bangs, against the roots.
Clip the clasp onto the bracelet link.
Apply additional coats of the cream polish if needed.
Make a twist-and-pin braided updo.
Follow curvy bloggers online.
Wear your pashmina as a skirt.
Take a class at your local nail salon.
In transitioning to natural hair, keep your hair moisturized at all times.
Massage your hair with plant-based oils.
Multitask while brushing your teeth.
Place the soap pieces in a small pot over medium heat.
Exfoliate.
Spray a little bit of perfume or body spray.
Touch your bun up, if needed.
Pat your hair dry with a towel, then let it air dry.
Avoid putting on extra moisturizer.
Leave milia alone if they don’t bother you physically or emotionally.
Wrap the corners around the back of your neck and button the snap.
Clean up around the edges and that's it, you're done!.
Tighten the straps so you can fit one finger underneath.
Blend the lipstick and concealer together in your palm.
Move your hair back (optional).
Use a repairing lotion.
Opt for understated jewelry rather than statement pieces.
Eat foods that contain essential fatty acids to combat dryness and brittleness.
Pin your hair back if it is too short for a half-up ponytail.
Measure around the smallest part of the person’s waist.
Tan while you sleep.
Take from the trends what works for you.
Change your socks once a day.
Purchase a jacket the next size up from your measurements.
Continue twist braiding your hair until you reach the nape of your neck.
Wipe away the dye with a wet cotton swab.
Eat nuts: Snacking on a handful of almonds will give your skin some of the good fats it needs to remain clear and luminous.
Once this is complete, use another microfiber towel devoid of any conditioner and give the leather jacket a good rub down again.
See your doctor if you experience side effects.
Stack 2 ponytails if you want a more voluminous style.
Feed the ends through the loop before you put the bracelet on.
Fill sink or bucket with hot water - enough for your fabric to move freely.
Create a moisturizing lotion.
Use talc for eyeshadow.
Go for gray tights if you’re going for a conservative look.
Wipe off brick, concrete, and stone with a mixture of water and detergent.
Use a cold compress.
Fold the shirt in half over the remaining sleeve.
Keep your looks clean and unfussy.
Hold the pants upside down and find the natural break.
Be aware of how a bag can make your size change.
Stop caring about what others’ think.
Buy a tie long enough to graze the top of your belt.
Pour the coffee into the squeeze bottles.
Make a fermented yogurt facemask.
Let it dry.
When you get the product home, use it at least three times or for at least three days.
Shop for heels at midday to get the perfect fit.
Wear the skirt with a long-sleeved button-down for a pretty vintage look.
Make sure you are both on the same page.
Wait until the hairspray has dried before touching your hair.
Treat cashmere & other delicates very carefully.
Use clean jewelry.
Peel and mash 2-3 ripe bananas in a medium bowl.
Pull the hair on the right or left side of your head with your fingers.
Slip the short end of the scarf into the knot.
Dip the amber necklace into the bowl with the soapy water.
Replace the watch strap.
Rub gently on your face.
Fill or draw in your brows.
Apply one coat of clear or brown mascara.
Check out a velvet choker.
Rock the goatee.
Add two or three drying balls to the dryer.
Tie 1 of the outer strands around the rest.
Get a layered haircut.
Pick some shoes.
Use a humidifier if you have drier skin.
Put on a sheer bomber jacket.
Leave your starter earrings in your ears for at least 4-6 weeks.
Check that your clothes are clean and dry before you hang them up.
See a doctor for severe symptoms or if home treatments don't work.
Place air fresheners in your home, car, and gym locker.
Use a dye close to your natural color to add lowlights to your roots.
Enjoy life: This may be the most important thing.
Be sure that you have all of the ingredients and the soap mold.
Take extensive precautions if you’re Skin Type I or II.
Clip back your hair into a twist to hide stringy hair.
Clean diamonds with dish soap and warm water to avoid discoloration.
See what other uses can be made of an umbrella.
Slide the end of the mono line under and up through the loop.
Rinse the scrub off.
Tie the final knot.
Now you can plan your luxuries.
Begin with a freshly pressed suit, free of wrinkles.
Move the needle through the fabric on the opposite side of the opening.
Read the label.
Store your bra safely away from sharp objects.
Pour the tea into the spray bottle.
Ask to see the autoclave's records--if they don't offer!.
Now for those seductive smokey eyes.
Try wearing both your engagement and eternity rings on your right hand.
Buy nursing bras at the end of your pregnancy or 1 to 2 weeks after the birth of your baby.
Wet the sweatpants with hot water.
Sew a seam through the fabric and pants at the top twice.
Linen - very sophisticated fabric.
Hold your friend's hand.
Put your hook in one of the sides of the cap band.
Make sure he knows his hair removal options.
Know your mousse options.
Try creams and rubs to relieve shoulder blade pain.
Allow the rose hips to macerate in the oil for three weeks.
Use one string, to form a knot around the other 7 strings.
Let the coffee cool down.
Blend the ingredients together.
Blow dry your hair from the roots to your tips.
Top your outfit with a hat.
Find a chiffon blouse that suits you in colour, style and shape.
Rinse the deep conditioner out using cool water and shampoo.
Make good skin care a part of your daily routine.
Plan a family meeting.
Measure from shoulder seam to cuff for the sleeve measurement.
Change yourself into a blanket sleeper behind a pair of closed doors.
Slip your arms through the straps.
Dry your hands.
Brush the hair into a ponytail.
Decide how many and what colors you want your shirt to be.
Apply a lighter orange along the crease of your upper lids.
Take a shower to remove it completely.
Hang it up.
Wear relaxed, looser fits if you're a sporty type.
Choose a style for jeans.
Shave the night before or after your shower.
Repeat the process after each application of mascara to your lashes.
Continue tying strings in this manner until you have reached the end of the "wave.".
Squirt a little shampoo into the palm of your hand and scrub the bristles of the mascara wand.
Test a strand of your hair.
Put on your foundation with a blending sponge for lighter coverage.
Know your makeup ingredients.
Understand the added effects of wind on your sunscreen.
Buy several different colors of yarn, or one spool of multi-colored yarn.
Apply peach or nude-colored eye shadow.
Try butt-enhancing shapewear.
Make a cucumber-based cleanser for normal skin.
Continue the stitch along the top side of the underwire along the underside of the cup until you reach the band, then stop and tie off your thread.
Open up a piece of newspaper and then fold it in half lengthwise.
Empty your purse on a flat surface.
Curl your hair.
Use a hair accessory comb.
Experiment with simple changes to clothes you already have in your closet.
Apply 2-3 coats of gel polish, letting each coat cure for 2-3 minutes.
Moisturize your curls with a rich conditioner.slide it in like a ponytail and massage it into the mid-length to ends.
Ask your eye doctor for your pupillary distance if you don’t mind paying.
Don’t worry about milia on newborns or infants.
Twirl the brush away from your face to wrap it around the length of hair.
Walk with your head held high.
Open your iPhone's {"smallUrl":"https:\/\/www.wikihow.com\/images\/7\/7e\/Iphonesettingsappicon.png","bigUrl":"https:\/\/www.wikihow.com\/images\/7\/7e\/Iphonesettingsappicon.png","smallWidth":460,"smallHeight":460,"bigWidth":760,"bigHeight":760,"licensing":"<div class=\"mw-parser-output\"><p>I edited this screenshot of an iPhone icon.\n<\/p><p>License: <a rel=\"nofollow\" class=\"external text\" href=\"http:\/\/en.wikipedia.org\/wiki\/Fair_use\">Fair Use<\/a><br>\n<\/p><\/div>"} Settings.
Create a cutting guide for the shortest layer in the front.
Replace your laces.
Have patience.
Eat flax seeds.
Invest in a good bra.
Pinch the left side of your bangs between your fingers.
Wash your hair and wait until it’s almost dry, then brush it.
Wear gloves when cleaning to protect your nails and cuticles.
Moisturize your hands often throughout the day.
Be wary of petroleum jelly and oils.
Rinse in cold water.
Finish the look with mascara.
Wear a boot-style shoe.
Melt 2 tablespoons of coconut oil in a pot.
Consult a general conversion chart for convenient, close estimates.
Wear heels or loafers to dress up your outfit.
Depending on your skin type your going to need to find some products that suit your face.
Apply the design to the shirt.
Fill a large, glass jar with the powdered milk, baking soda, and salt.
Make your hair wet and dry it a little.
Wait 1-2 weeks after clean shaves for the itchiness to go away.
Make goals for yourself.
See a doctor.
Place the end of the fabric at the nape of your neck to start wrapping toward the front.
Go do something else, like take a shower or eat some breakfast while you wait.
Make circular movements across the top lip.
Bring the 2 straps to the front from each side.
Fold the bottom of the shirt halfway up the shirt.
Stick to neutral areas at first.
Choose jewelry depending on your outfit’s focal point.
Glue a toothpick or skewer to the middle of the umbrella.
Imitate rollers with homemade methods.
Eat plenty of protein-containing foods.
Choose the right dye.
Accept "hand-me-downs".
Reward yourself.
Drink plenty of water.
Keep your hair neat.
Protect yours clothes and hands from the color.
Detangle your hair thoroughly.
Use an eye dropper or a pipette to transfer all of the rosewater that has accumulated in the glass bowl to the perfume atomizer.
Keep you hair shiny and healthy.
Pin your curls as you go.
Make time for relaxation.
Well in the shower take a little bit of your mixture and rub it on your foot.
Ask for support.
Do step-ups.
Dress for fluctuating temperatures.
Add 1 tablespoon of olive oil and 1 tablespoon of castor oil to the soap mixture.
Your hair is now bright purple!.
Keep your body fit and healthy.
With the remaining 2 strings, put the strings on you middle finger and ring finger of your right hand.
Protect your eyes if you’ll be outside.
Try out some fun colors.
Pour plain yogurt into a bowl.
Run the washing machine at its coldest setting.
Apply a large circle on the top half of your nails with the white nail polish.
Rotate the ring through the pierced hole to remove it from your nipple.
Check your hairsprays and pomades for alcohol.
Pick Your Top:: This is important as well.
Brush your brows into place.
Wrap your hair with a warm towel.
Choose heels that flatter your legs.
Add avocado oil to the sugar in your container.
Continue buttoning downwards from the black line.
Keep your hair in check.
Part and comb the hair.
Respect their personal space and boundaries.
Wet the magic eraser.
Prepare to switch the old sleepsack for a new sleepsack.
Get medical treatment if your skin reacts to the treatment.
Open up the umbrella so that you can see the inside.
Imagine you look like your favorite celebrity and watch things with them a lot.
Get a good hygiene.
Pair tank tops with any length of skirt.
Consider when the photos were taken.
Use your hand circumference to select the right size.
Mix tomatoes and lemon juice to lighten your skin.
Add the next dropped strand to the top strand before crossing it over.
Wear a long, flowing skirt or dress with slouchy boots for a boho vibe.
Stick with a neutral palette when you're just getting started.
Stick with thick, solid-colored jackets and knit caps for a wintry style.
Learn how to set up the equipment and mix ink.
Do you need to consider weight, durability and waterproofing?.
Apply a thin line of repair adhesive on the underside of the gasket.
Use the liquid foundation and apply a thin even coat with the foundation brush all over your face.
Wrap the second section around your hairband and pin it down.
Stretch your hymen and vaginal opening if you find the area is too tight.
Paint over the letters using your desired nail polish color.
Rinse your body once you have completed your exfoliating cleanse.
Work the body butter into the affected skin.
Keep your jewelry simple and thin.
Use neutral colors or a monochromatic scheme.
Braid and tie off each ponytail.
Your layout will now be on the screen, note the text will be centered from top to bottom and side to side in the horizontal plane, see figure 6.
Expand your toe space by freezing water in your boots overnight.
Put benzoyl peroxide salve or a razor bump cream on shaved areas.
Put on lipstick before liner if you want to ensure a smooth, clean edge.
Let the shoes dry/cool for about 15 minutes.
Part your hair on the side that has fewer greys.
Wash your hair using cool to lukewarm water.
Apply product.
Lift the top of the sarong up to your waist, and adjust it if necessary.
Use a clarifying shampoo to strip hair follicles of product build-up.
Part the hair in the back and clip one side out of the way.
Use last minute fixes.
Carry a pair of folding ballet flats.
Don't be afraid to urinate while wearing a tampon.
Sew on your button.
Use an elastic band to secure the tip of the braid.
Trace the tips along the curve of the upper eyelid 3 times.
Kick back in light-colored sneakers with burgundy denim.
Talk to your dermatologist and ask for recommendations.
Wash your garment in 75–80 °F (24–27 °C) water whenever it gets dirty.
Get a container of plain yoghurt.
Add vintage flare with a silk dress shirt and a pussycat bow.
Tuck your hair under a plastic shower cap.
Start the second knot.
Soak your hair combs for 15-20 minutes.
Join a modeling networking site.
Though they will tell you how to care for your piercings, it is important to remember that piercings can often develop infections, and lead to serious problems, so be diligent!.
See your doctor if your hair loss is sudden or patchy.
Finish the style.
Apply lip balm, then brush your lips for smoother lipstick application.
Use conditioner every time you shower.
Check that the fabric feels heavy.
Bring along an extra pair of socks.
Cut back on sugary foods such as chocolates an candies.
Wear what looks good on you.
Put in extra time working on muscles that stand out.
Exfoliate your feet.
Make sure a sleeve won't impact your job prospects.
Wrap the string around your finger.
Pair the skirt with boots for a more formal look.
Do your bushy brows.
Keep a hair comb and some hair accessories.
Secure the end of the bracelet.
Use a nail brush to spread gel primer on each nail.
Choose the correct lip color.
Allow to dry (this won't take long).
Tie the first cord around the second cord 2 times.
Choose an experienced artist to handle your hair.
Use your robe as a coverup when enjoying a pool or hot tub.
Scroll down and tap Music.
Pour the balm while it is still liquid.
Consult your doctor if you have any medical problems before starting massage treatment.
Put your glasses on carefully.
Measure the width of your favorite type of scarf.
Spring for a legitimate makeup remover.
Clean mistakes with a cotton swab.
Go big with a big handbag.
Apply evenly to face (after steaming the pores).
If you have a warm skin tone, you look better in jewel tones, reds, blues, purples etc.
Follow the instructions.
Clean your extensions regularly.
Display confidence.
Don’t brush your hair too much.
Have a pen and a notepad, these are very helpful.
Rub cucumbers on your face.
Put on a crop top for a casual summer outfit.
Know your preferred fashion decades.
Consider laser treatment.
Decide what do you want - what color, what kind.
Use a honey, banana, and papaya face mask for sensitive skin.
Place curtain rods on empty walls in your closet.
Keep your hairstyle simple.
Care for feet and hands.
Tease your roots with a comb.
Add the essential oils.
Ask your date to come with you to the florist.
Slick your hair back with hair wax or pomade for a bold, modern look.
Clean your skin.
Stir them together to create a smooth paste.
Turn your iron on to the lowest heat setting possible.
Insert the divider into your dresser drawer.
Keep your hair out of the rain to keep your curls looking their best.
Re-proofing your jacket is required to restore its breathability, comfort and performance so it can continue to protect you.
Experiment with face contouring.
Leave dye on your hair for the time recommended in the instructions.
Pick a heavier scarf in winter.
And there you have it!.
Use hydroxy acids to remove dead skin and encourage elasticity.
Apply base coat.
Sketch the shape of your eyebrow.
Unscrew the screws on the front plate.
Talk to the jeweler about possible discounts.
Keep your hair and makeup styles minimal.
Make sure that your hair is dry when you get into bed.
Contour over the top parts of your breasts.
Keep the mixture warm overnight again and then strain it.
Try a tank top and jeans in warm weather.
Create the first guideline.
Set up an appointment at a salon that offers Brazilian blowouts.
Use conditioner to rinse out the remaining slime.
Dip the sachet into a clean sink filled with hot water.
Pick the right color.
Own it.
Air dry or pat dry.
Eat a healthy diet to minimize summer breakouts.
Divide your hair into three sections.
Replace the rubber pad every 3-6 months.
Wrap the woolen sweater up in a plastic bag and seal.
Try adding a 10-15 grams of Dichotomous Earth (DE) for an anti-inflammatory and toxin fighter.
Try a cat-eye look for downturned eyes.
Select some false lashes.
Wear a taller pair of duck boots in the snow.
Wipe off excess ink as you go.
Fold the boxers in half from left to right.
Stash your money when traveling.
When sport season rolls around, get preoccupied.
Cut the glycerin soap base into 1 inch (2.54 centimeters) cubes and add them to the cup.
Cut a small, sturdy twig from the tree.
Understand that you are your most critical judge.
Become part of a group.
Check out online perfume outlets and perfume sample businesses.
Consider wearing a cotton t-shirt under your sleeper, to soak up some of the sweat from your body.
Flip your ponytail around and draw it into the opening.
Allow your nails to dry for about 5 minutes.
Use the Japanese foot relaxation method.
Mix comfort and fashion by wearing your boots over leggings.
Make a 1:1 ratio of bleach and water in a squirt bottle.
Be creative!.
Apply to your chosen program.
Make sure your eyes are centered in the width of the lenses.
Get a new toothbrush head after you've been sick.
Cross a scarf in front of your chest to make a classic halter.
Choose what services you want to offer.
Straighten your hair to make it look long and sleek.
Keep your washcloths in the fridge so they're nice and cold when you use them; supermodel Rachel Hunter has said she learned this trick in Japan.
Choose colorful tops if you have an apple or pear figure.
Spray yourself with self tanning spray.
If you haven't cut the extensions to fit already, get a tape measure.
Rinse.
Put all of the underpinnings onto your dress form.
Measure up the back of your leg.
Wear a stylish watch to make any outfit look more put-together.
Braid the shawl down your front.
Be Confident.
Avoid cleaning the boots with water.
Apply less foundation to the lines in your face.
Wear regular sizes if your palm and fingers are proportional.
Place the mixture into an airtight container with lid.
At the end, put a last band on but don't put a bead on.
Get a chain that suits your taste.
Never apply harsh cleaners to your tragus piercing.
Stir 1 cup (273 g) of salt into the water.
Stretch the shoe with wet oats, grains, or rice for an old-fashioned approach.
Fill the rest of the umbrella with flowers until you get the look you want.
Wash your face in the morning.
Trim your hair every four to six weeks.
Advertise.
Look at several artists’ work to decide who you want to collaborate with.
Turn the tap on to start filling the tub with warm water.
Screw the lid on tight.
Apply the mask to your hair and allow it to sit.
Fill a spray bottle halfway with conditioner.
Wear a vest with your watch and jeans for a more classic style.
Press the "Lock" button.
Twist your hair into a bun.
Buy inserts.
Have a line of fluffy, dry bath towels ready for the kids to dry themselves off with.
Select the shoes.
Steer clear of tanning beds.
Start by gathering materials.
Assuming you go to school, use every second of your time wisely.
Purchase a palette that matches your skin tone.
Tie a headscarf around the front of your hair.
Use positive affirmations when you feel the urge to pick.
Try using mayonnaise.
Visit a dermatologist if nothing is helping.
Find a tree from which miswak twigs are traditionally taken.
Part your hair off to the side.
Wear low-waisted skinny jeans in a light wash for a rocker vibe.
Microwave for 30 seconds.
Learn basic sewing skills.
Add 2 teaspoons of loose eyeshadow or cosmetic pigment powder.
Sew along the sides using a ⅝-inch (1.59-centimeter) seam allowance.
Add a button-down, tie, and light-colored suit jacket when heading to a formal event.
Know what is expected.
Be respectful.
Return to your purse design, making sure all the layers still line up.
Make a hairband cover.
Create a sweatband.
Treat your legs.
Consider other base oils.
Fold the leg warmer in half.
Apply translucent powder over your brows with a makeup brush.
Prime your eyelids.
Cover your dress shirt with something cooler.
Match your other accessories to the bolo.
Place naphthalene balls in your wardrobe to keep moths away.
Create a custom blend using professional makeup supplies.
Finish by stroking the forehead, getting lighter and lighter until you bring your hands off.
Spray your clean boots with a waterproofing agent.
Alternate between boots and lighter shoes.
Ask the person you are treating to drape themselves in towels or old clothing.
Attach the earring to a blank fish hook earring.
Remove the dead skin from your feet.
Ask your dermatologist about scar-removal procedures.
Remove the braids as a last resort if they keep hurting.
Cut strips of fabric to weave into the bracelet.
Keep deodorant or perfume with you.
Pull the loops of the bottom band over bands above it.
Stick with sneakers or boots for a casual feel.
Go for layered palazzo pants if you’re plus-sized.
Wrap the foil around your nail.
Apply lipgloss for a nice shine.
Set the style with hairspray.
Protect your skin from harsh elements.
Keep in mind to pick lighter weight materials that will not add bulk to your upper body.
Eat something light and drink some water before you go to ease your stomach and to prevent cramps caused by nervousness.
Tie one end of the ribbon to one end of a strap.
Apply protective spray to minimize future stains.
Start shopping.
Camouflage your trouble spots.
Keep hair cut and styled.
Tuck your pants into knee-high boots.
Trim your sideburns with clippers fitted with a #3 or #4 guard.
Stir as you add the drops.
Use coconut oil as  massage oil.
Try to avoid foundation.
Prevent a farmer's tan with sunscreen.
Shake off the snow from your goggles.
You're never too old to get your teeth fixed, so if your teeth are crooked, or you are missing teeth consider getting them taken care of at your Dentist.
Leave it to dry for a few minutes, and then once dry, take your index finger again and apply a thin layer of polish to the boot, start rubbing it in until an even better shine comes through, then apply the water to it using the method in Step 3.
Mash up 8 fresh strawberries and combine with mayonnaise.
Think past the scale.
After you have gathered your materials, grab both packs of the Kool-Aid and pour them in the bowl.
Choose smaller earrings if you have an oval face.
Add in your essential oils.
Take the soft shoe brush and buff the boot all over until it starts to shine, then take the soft cloth and buff again until desired shine is obtained.
Customise the bag.
Brush or comb your hair every day, getting all the tangles out.
Purchase a tunic that accentuates your waist.
Put on cute shoes.
Use half the normal detergent you would normally use.
Pin the curl in place.
Rinse your hair with cool water or apple cider vinegar.
Pair it with a pashmina.
Experiment with intensity.
Hang your bras from the hangers like you would hang shirts.
Have an appreciation for great things from the past.
Place a hairpin in the edge of the bun.
Quickly buff the nail with the smoothest side of the buffer.
Make a black dress stand out with dangly pearl earrings.
With your ring finder, blend it in.
Try eyeshadow cream if you want to color coordinate and adhere glitter.
Apply a base coat to your nails.
Pair your dress with skinny heels for a fancy outfit.
Spray your hair with a thermal hairspray.
Paint the bleach wash onto your dry hair with a hair dye brush.
Choose the best hanging length for a bag.
Be savvy about where you shop.
Add a B-complex vitamin supplement.
Do a simple wrap.
Work on your eyebrows next then, apply eyeliner and mascara.
Treat deep, bleeding cracks with first aid.
Add and mix all ingredients.
Wear a statement necklace.
Find your hair subcategory.
Choose a semi-matte formula.
Apply a sheer tone all over the lid, right up to the eyebrow.
Soak the area with sea salt to draw out any possible infections.
Know what makes hair frizzy.
Diagnose local swelling.
Mist your hair with sea salt spray, focusing on the mid-lengths and ends.
Brush on the tie dye top coat.
Tame the baby hairs around your hairline with edge control cream.
Keep your hair out of your face with braided pigtails.
Try to maintain your posture when wearing big shoes.
Leave coconut oil on your skin overnight for a deep moisturizer.
Dab away sweat with a clean towel or tissue before doing touch-ups.
Try round sunglasses with a cropped sweater for a vintage feel.
Pull the section away from the head and back.
Choose your materials.
Listen to the radio.
Run a second rinse cycle using cold water, then take the jeans out.
Check your soles to see if they’ll prevent stretching.
Thread the top cord over the left edge of the second tab and down through the first tab's top hole.
Set up a runway.
Imagine 2 lines that intersect across the middle and the top of the shirt.
Know the varieties and types of adult blanket sleepers the store sells.
If you can, once again, make sure everything fits.
Look for a detachable hood.
Grind oatmeal with a food processor, blender, or cheap coffee grinder.
Consider showcasing a belt with slim jeans.
Keep your tattoo out of direct sunlight as it heals.
Meet with a medical professional to discuss your options.
Use deodorant at night and in the morning.
Choose electrolysis or laser removal for a permanent solution.
Take out any hair that is left on the hairbrush.
Have your hair trimmed every four to six months.
Apply for a job at a large-scale watch manufacturer.
Use highlights and lowlights to draw attention to your layers.
Start with dry hair that hasn’t been washed in 1 to 2 days.
Use a barrel iron for loose curls.
Observe your child walking in the shoes.
Let your nails breathe.
Use flared jeans or maxi skirts to accentuate your legs.
Get regular haircuts.
Make a curly topknot.
Rip off a piece of tissue.
First choose the color using nature as your guide.
Keep your suede purse out of the sun.
Part hair into 2 equal parts, bringing both around to rest on your shoulders.
Turn your iron on and set it to the highest temperature.
Prevent dehydration.
Puree the avocado in a food processor.
Assemble the basic equipment listed below.
Be sure that the brush you are using is clean, to avoid color transfer from the last time you used the brush.
Think tweed.
Continue yelling.
Buckle the shoe and check for a proper fit.
Tell your stylist what type of curls you want.
Take a shot at punk chic.
Get medicated insoles for your shoes.
Swivel your hips and upper body towards the door.
Take your hair out to tea.
Make button earrings.
Cross the first section of hair under the middle section of hair.
Listen to the photographer if she or he is a professional.
Search for leather tailors online.
Prepare your lips by exfoliating and adding lip balm.
Add socks to the boiling water.
Angle hair around your face to show off long curls.
Consider buying from a different Hermès line if the Birkin isn't an option right now.
Eat lots of fruits such as oranges, strawberries and anything high in Vitamin C. They help lighten your skin.
Store your earrings.
Lather a coin-sized amount of shampoo into your hair before rinsing it out.
Massage the inside of your wrists.
Replace simple carbs with high-fiber foods.
Store your druzy stone jewelry separate from other pieces.
Dress beautifully.
Slowly and carefully stick the end where you plug the cord into your device into the pouch.
Steer clear from dresses decorated in heavy beading, sequins, or other embellishments.
Wear jewelry that uses other trendy autumn colors.
Do not smoke.
Section off the top part of your hair.
Pin the interfacing to the wrong side of one of the pieces of fabric.
Without waiting for the moisturizer to sink in, apply concealer where you need it.
Fold, twist, or tie your sweatshirt into a pattern.
Paint a coat of clear polish onto your first nail, then remove the tape.
Keep your hair in good shape.
Make sure your hair is dry.
Use a top coat.
Ask your dermatologist about topical medications to lighten dark spots.
Phone or email the nearest vocational school office for a list of local massage therapy, or bodywork, programs.
Ignore detractors.
Wear your scarf as a shawl.
Wash your beard with beard relaxing shampoo and pat it dry with a towel.
Pay attention to the line of sight and to rooms next to each other.
Add the perfect shoes.
Brew a cup of normal coffee.
Wear just a little make-up.
Wear something under the dress.
If you just want to get this done as quickly as possible, go to step seven.
Brush your lashes 2 times a day.
Make a sugar scrub.
Store your opal ring somewhere safe.
Style your hair in a ponytail or up-do if all else fails.
Use ammonia for a quick clean if you don’t mind the fumes.
Know what lip augmentation is.
Go for business casual with a scoop-neck blouse, flared work pants, and low heels.
Apply touch-ups to any small chips that occur.
Apply the first coat of matte white nail varnish.
Decide the severity of your issues.
A lot of punks draw shapes on their face, etc., like  a heart, star, or sun.
Match your shadow to your skin tone.
Wear rubber gloves when you’re using glass etching compound.
Wear the bag around your hips for a traditional look.
Choose an essential oil.
Fold the top left corner of the paper down along the midpoint.
Ask a dermatologist before using a product with a strong ingredient.
Slide the elastic down the length of your hair.
Clean your tattoo with soap and water after you remove the bandage.
Arrange the strands.
Draw the tattoo onto your body.
Pick a suit of polyester.
Rinse off dye and wash the area with soap.
Squeeze out a small amount of toothpaste onto the cloth.
Ensure your foundation is the right color for you.
Avoid chlorinated pools or wear a swim cap.
Work out in addition to waist training.
Bring a woman with you if you’re buying women’s pantyhose in person.
Pull through the 4 ends.
First, take your camera, and take a picture of yourself from the front.
Purchase a body hair dye product.
Place the clothes that you wish to alter into a washing machine.
Trim your hair frequently.
Thread your necklaces through a straw.
Sleep in a scrunchie.
Try cornrows with zig-zag parts for something totally different.
Curl your lashes to make your eyes look wider.
Keep your shoelaces from twisting.
Choose statement jewelry to complete your outfit.
Apply a liquid concealer to your brow bone and to the cleavage of your nose.
Get a breast reduction.
Enjoy your finished tie dye.
Wash your braids weekly.
Spray from several inches away.
Apply a small amount of bronzer beneath your lower lip.
Mix 1 part bleach and 5 parts water together.
Show off your glasses with a high ponytail.
Keep necklaces from tangling using clear plastic straws.
Avoid using incense to give fragrance to your room.
Use a hotter pink and go up to from the crease to just along you're eyebrow and blend out a little.
Dress for an Apple Shape: The apple seems to be the more challenging body type of the three to dress.
Slide the stem of the flower through the buttonhole, angling the stem down.
Try everything for black and brown hair.
Remove the deodorant block from the mould once set.
Make a sock bun.
Good Luck and enjoy experimenting and trying different things.
Pour boiling water into your pot and wait 15-20 minutes.
Use an electric trimmer with a shave setting.
Ask for before and after photos before scheduling your procedure.
Apply white vinegar to recalcitrant stains.
Apply a quick-drying nail polish spray to freshly painted nails.
Condition your hair every time you shower.
Once that is done, some recommend taking a hot shower to open the pores of your skin and increase blood circulation in the area to aid elasticity.
Realize that adult blanket sleepers aren't cheap, and are rarely sold offline at retail stores during most of the year.
Layer up with a cardigan, stylish jacket, or an anorak.
If you are doing a relaxer, leave it in for at least 10 minutes., if you are using perm to texturize your hair, leave it in for 5 minutes just to make your hair more wavy and manageable, and not stick straight.
Download a pattern.
Pair it with a white blouse for a monochromatic look.
Work your mustache out and away from the center of your mouth.
Decide which ring you want to wash.
Put on accessories that draw attention to your upper body.
Disregard negative opinions.
Pay attention to your surroundings.
Fill a spray bottle with bleach and water.
Protect yourself from the harsh winds, and cold temperatures.
Part your beard into smaller sections with a comb.
Massage the chest.
Stick with a powder eyeshadow to start.
{"smallUrl":"https:\/\/www.wikihow.com\/images\/0\/0b\/Put-hair-taut-Step-3.jpg","bigUrl":"https:\/\/www.wikihow.com\/images\/0\/0b\/Put-hair-taut-Step-3.jpg","smallWidth":460,"smallHeight":332,"bigWidth":760,"bigHeight":548.2857142857143,"licensing":"<div class=\"mw-parser-output\"><p>License: <a rel=\"nofollow\" class=\"external text\" href=\"https:\/\/creativecommons.org\/licenses\/by-nc-sa\/2.5\/\">Creative Commons<\/a><br>\n<\/p><p><br \/>\n<\/p><\/div>"}  .
Stick with solid open-toed booties if your outfit has a lot of detail.
Check the "rope" that holds the pouf together.
Search for shoes like yours at a "secondary market" online retailer.
Fuse the liquid colorant with Epsom salt before mixing it with the rest of the contents.
Wear professional shoes.
Place a wooden hat stretcher into your hat.
Publicize any instance of upskirt photography.
Add in dairy.
Put on a silk tank to wear your Adidas pants on a date.
Soak a cotton ball or pad in the mixture.
Tie your twists into a ponytail for a simple updo.
Leave the mask on your face.
Add thin heels to keep your poncho classy.
Try cucumbers.
Care for your skin:.
Dry the jeans.
Pull the waistband of the shorts over your head and hair.
Use a skin bleaching cream.
See a doctor for dry skin that doesn’t get better with home treatment.
Choose an unscented body butter.
Report adverse reactions to the Food and Drug Administration.
Make a side part.
Now add some effects and recolour.
Soak your lashes in coconut oil, then gently pull them off.
Make a schedule for the day on the first page.
Volumize your hair.
Use your fingertips to press from the center of the spine out toward their hips.
Tape or pin up your picture near your dyeing container.
Spray all over your hair to fix it firmly in place.
Order food from a fancy restaurant.
Wipe the brush thoroughly with a cloth.
Stir in three drops of an essential oil of your choice.
Stay active.
Leave on your hair for 1-8 hours (depending on how red you want your hair to be).
Do this for 20 reps and 2 sets.
Saw completely through the luggage rivet using a hacksaw.
Pack a set of clothes to wear out of the hospital or birthing center.
Put your finger between the back of the shoe and your child's foot, along the heel.
Consider medical procedures for severe scars.
Take out your mirror and see if your hair's messy or your makeup is smudged or off.
Avoid skin trauma.
Decide how many colors you'll use for the rainbow.
Coat your hair with an oil before you swim.
Make a toothpaste with strawberries.
Machine wash the shoelaces in a delicates bag on a normal cycle.
Pull your hair into 2 pigtails and secure them with hair ties.
Find in your closet or wardrobe a silky nightgown or wrap-around, or you could even just use comfortable pajamas.
Create a half-up ponytail.
Assess the grain.
Apply lotion and more cuticle oil.
Combine your next manicure with an avocado treatment.
Wear a skinny scarf for a casual event.
Make your own mousse.
Think of your massage not just as one artist doing his or her job but two artists - you and the therapist - working together.
Try a fashion scarf.
Consider getting a perm.
Invest in a versatile suit for formal occasions.
Fold dress pants along the crease to keep them smooth.
Transfer cream to waiting mason jar(s).
Wrap the bottom of the hose with your nylon stockings.
Decide what, if any, body hair you want to remove.
Spray them with a protectant seal.
Mix and Match.
Boil a large pot of water.
Sterilize the sponge monthly.
Get a container.
Use scratch mitts for young children.
Loop the sash around the empire waist of the shirt.
Repeat if needed.
Roll up jeans or other casual pants to store them in a storage box.
Push down and layer.
Measure your foot to figure out your exact size.
Apply a light layer of face oil.
Choose clothes for travelling in carefully.
Grab some baby oil (pink one) and put a little bit on your hand.
Try on shoes in the afternoon or evening.
Do not remove the jewelry if you are worried about an infection.
Sponge paint your nails.
Follow all laws involving tattoos in your local area.
Style clog wedges with a mini skirt for an instantly fashionable look.
Next we are going to add a creamy second "base".
Part your hair down the center, then create a French braid on each side.
Promote healthy skin with a matcha and rosewater mask.
Wrap your toes individually if they’re burned.
If gum is not allowed, pack mints to have fresh breath.
Try some other ideas.
Buy a cheap friction ball to minimize the risk of scratches and scrapes.
Hold the fabric taut while stitching.
Pour the vegetable oil, shampoo and essential oil into a bottle.
Get a 150 or 180 grit nail file.
Combine daily treatments with occasional peels.
Leave the Apple Watch to charge.
Strain the liquid from the peels.
Set your foundation.
Next, make sure that jewellery (plug, tunnel, earring, etc.).
Spray on and wash off non-stick cooking spray.
Use apple cider vinegar instead of conditioner.
Be wise and do your research.
Try a lemon-honey rub.
Prepare your clothing.
Teach your child about appropriate and inappropriate touching.
Speak with daughters about whether they want to start shaving their legs or armpits.
Clean the rest of the sole with the nail polish remover.
Change the depth of the shade by adjusting the weight of your technique.
Spray it on your underarms.
Lift your dress up when going up stairs.
Add 1 tablespoon of raw honey.
Make pinching movements out along the jawline and up towards the ears.
Follow the school dress code.
Create a stopper.
Take the cloth behind you.
Keep some easy-to-wear shoes, like flats.
Cut your shirt.
Pair your cropped sweater with sneakers for a laid back outfit.
Add a little water to form a paste.
Pay attention to what halls or places you usually see him/her in.
Create a professional outfit with a dark sweater and dress shoes.
Let the scarf air dry on top of a towel.
Take your coat to a dry cleaner.
If you want to, massage in more coconut oil to moisturize your legs even further.
Get 7-9 hours of sleep every night.
Focus the powder along your cheekbones to make your skin luminous.
Don't pick or squeeze pimples.
Clean the toothbrush.
Carry an embellished handbag to dress up your outfit.
Apply the mixture to the stained skin with the washcloth.
Pull a shower cap over your head and let the mixture sit for 4 hours.
Add a diffuser.
Wear a tunic sweater with skinny jeans, leggings, or tights.
Slip an earring hook on to the jump ring and close tightly.
Apply makeup if you’d like.
Cover the base fabric with another head wrap and secure it into place.
Be gentle with your hair.
Use castile soap for an inexpensive and perfume-free body wash. Just place a few drops of castile soap on a wet bath scrubber, washcloth or loofah.
Remove quickly.
Be aware of small details like buttons.
Prepare to iron.
Try to avoid high stress levels.
Apply moisturizer after you exfoliate to nourish your skin.
Factor in the amount of detail you want in your tattoo.
Repeat this process in about three days.
Keep a skin care journal.
Pack multiple sleeping options.
Use a silk pillowcase to prevent frizz while you sleep.
Give the zipper a try.
If you can see the inside of the bag, check and see if there is an inside pattern.
Use your hands.
Clean the hair out of your brush or comb at least once a week.
Be healthy.
Choose low-profile sneakers and no-show socks for your workouts.
Concentrate in school.
Do not keep nail polish in the refrigerator.
Get your hair bleached.
Use a spoon to scoop out the pulp.
To sew the bag and the lining together turn the outer bag right side out.
Replace brushes and sponges regularly.
Brush your hair every day to distribute your natural oils.
Sprinkle baking soda inside your slippers to get rid of bad odors.
Try a flip-through ponytail.
Pull back your hair into a ponytail.
Keep your makeup contemporary.
Lay the strip of double sided fusible fleece down the centre of the fabric.
Wear a panty liner in the days leading up to your expected period.
Create contrast.
Choose a qualified aesthetician to perform your waxing.
Find a hole punch.
Play up the raciness of leather lace-ups by wearing black heels.
Show off your glasses with an updo.
Get medical attention where needed.
Give yourself plenty of time.
Give the bracelet a good stretch.
Go shopping.
Place the bag in your shoe.
Place the pan onto the hob.
Use a small amount to add definition and texture to particular pieces.
Rinse and condition your hair.
Get to know your look.
Try braiding your hair.
Use your fingertips to feel where to apply each product.
Choose a pair of satiny, silky exercise shorts.
Protect their face and scalp with a floppy hat.
Change your diet.
Try a hot oil treatment.
Mark a line down the center of a 4 × 2 × 2 in (10.2 × 5.1 × 5.1 cm) wood block.
Blow dry the strands straight if you want a sleeker the look.
Use Ebates.
Designate your TOMS shoe size on the website.
Wear concealer!.
Remove the laces and insoles from your felt shoes.
Sew white thread across the fraying edges of larger rips.
Learn to quickly flip negative thoughts on their heads, turning them into something more positive.
Dab on some perfume.
Clean the handle and stem of your umbrella with a clean, damp cloth.
Have an honest talk with the person.
Part your hair into two sections.
Pull it over your face (like a bandana) and hold.
Do not ever put Sanuks in a dryer.
Continue with a normal plait.
Apply a thin layer of lanolin to the frames.
Rinse hair with cold water to help cut down on frizz.
Tattoo to the correct depth.
Create the smoky effect.
Roll down the top edge over the corner.
Aim for a similar, but brighter shade, of lipstick so that it matches your blush.
Measure your head accurately to purchase the right wig size.
Pour the brewed tea into the bowl and stir the ingredients together.
Hydrate your face.
Peel the clear plastic film off the image.
Knot your T-shirt at the front for a cropped look over high-waisted bottoms.
Prepare a smell-good kit.
Choose muted colours for a softer look.
Re-bleach areas of your design that you want to stand out.
Exfoliate regularly.
Apply a mineral foundation that is the color of your skin and apply to the previous areas.
Try a belt that cinches at the waist.
Avoid using heat to treat or style your hair.
Reject unrealistic beauty standards.
Being a WAG is high maintenance.
Keep blending until you have a smooth gradient.
Lift the clamp on each slide adjuster to unlock the straps.
Try an off the shoulder look for something more unique.
Try going shopping for high heel shoes in the afternoon, when your feet are a little bit swollen, but not too swollen.
Iron or sew on patches to make a statement.
Lower stress.
Take a supplement.
Repeat the above braid actions.
Once you plan anything, write it down immediately.
Stuff your sandals with newspaper when not in use.
Make your matte lipstick last longer with translucent setting powder.
Let the mixture soak in for 15 minutes before rinsing clean.
Treat leather and suede footwear with a leather protectant.
Consider a pave or channel setting for extra sparkle.
Tighten the "knot" as you wish.
Peel off your old nail polish.
Step into the shower and lock the door behind you.
Finish with a pale lipbalm or gloss, making sure it isn't too glittery or bold so it detracts the focus from the metallic eyes!.
Blend the mixture until it is creamy.
Select the "Paper Wallet" option.
Remove the chiffon fabric from the water and wash it in cold water.
Put the top half of your hair in a ponytail.
Try discount stores, such as Claire's, Walmart or Target.
Sew up the bottom edge of the seam.
Finish.
Use a magic eraser or another stain remover.
Eliminate stress.
Be prepared with a cover-up.
Mist your hair with dry shampoo and sea salt spray.
Clamp a flat iron over the rope and straighten it.
Rinse and dry.
Take your ring in to a consignment shop or diamond dealer to sell.
Time it right!.
Look at what you already have and what you need more off.
Create the hats of the snowmen.
Wear a moisturizer with added sunscreen everyday.
Lay the bag on the clean surface.
Use an alcohol wipe to clean off the dust.
Choose 1 yard (0.9 m) of a fabric that has some stretch to it.
Pick a decorative tray for an easy way to lay out necklaces.
Add 2 tablespoons of oil.
Don't do this too often.
Ease the segment back onto the ring.
Use a pupillary distance app for a quick and easy digital measurement.
Don't pick and pop.
An optional step is to add your own design with beads, feathers and other fun extras.
Spray insect repellent with DEET to protect from stings or bug bites.
Don't forget blush or bronzer.
Avoid over-processing your hair with relaxers and straighteners.
Decorate a plain purse with a large brooch.
Choose a ribbon or cotton webbing for the strap.
Let the shoes air dry before you wear them.
Bring a visual to your appointment.
Throw on a pair of stylish sunglasses to complete your look.
Enjoy your healthy skin!.
Avoid wearing jackets or blazers with an untucked shirt.
Align the wig as close as possible to your hairline for a natural look.
If you are using a shoelace, you can use a lighter to slightly burn the ends of the shoelace so that it won't fall apart.
Buy jeans slightly smaller if you think they will stretch.
Shoes!.
Consult with experts.
Look for a visor that's sized appropriately for your forehead.
Clean out your purse before you hang it.
Eat green vegetables: Try asparagus, spinach and broccoli; asparagus known as sootmuli and musli to Indians are loaded with a natural source of Vitamin E-an essential for healthy skin.
Make a chart.
Consider taking ibuprofen an hour before your wax.
Mark a spot just beneath your lower lip with eyeliner.
Sign in to your TOMS or PayPal account.
Now scoop and layer your butter the way to your preference.
Beware of using just one test to verify pearls.
Select a concealer that is lighter than your foundation shade.
Throw yourself into the arts.
Reduce hair washings.
Use a conditioner that is very oily, like a deep conditioning treatment (avocado or almond).
Attach to your earring finding or hooks.
Also optional, put mascara on the top and bottom eyelashes.
If you check the keyboard of the engraving machine, you will now have the green home positioning light and the start/stop lights illuminated.
Buy a container to hold the perfume.
Learn talcum powder’s connection to ovarian cancer.
Cross the hairline section over the middle section.
Press the button down into the tool.
Blend your colors with a fluffy brush.
Pay for your TOMS shoes.
Choose dark wash or black jeans and neutral-colored sneakers.
Avoid swimming in chlorinated water.
Sew one side of the piece to the other piece, again, insides folded together.
Apply a coat of white glue before the base coat dries.
Join clubs and sports.
Belt a full, high-waisted skirt for a polished look.
Add the essential oils once cooled.
Look for something positive about the tattoo.
Make sure that you're wearing your Apple Watch.
Visit the tailor and have them take your measurements.
Be savvy about when you shop.
Select pants 1 to 2 sizes larger than your normal size if you don’t want to buy maternity pants.
Take care of your nails carefully by trimming them every week (or 2 weeks), file them to give it a shape (the best nail shape is "squoval" which means square nails with slight oval edges) and buff them to make them even and smooth.
Choose the perfect sexy swimsuit.
Back comb your crown.
Opt for strappy heels, stilettos, or knee-high boots for the wow factor.
Create two deep side parts from your hairline to your nape.
Pack your folded pants on top.
Exfoliate regularly using products designed for your legs.
Add some volume by twisting the curl in the opposite direction.
Try altering you clothes.
Use an industrial brush for rougher scuffs.
Avoid using abrasive cleaners on jewellery.
Insert your needle.
Soak your nails in the lemon juice for about five minutes.
Buy a toner at your local beauty retailer or department store.
Disinfect your instruments.
Tie dye it, if it's a light color.
Wrap up from head to toe.
Account for lifestyle changes when choosing new glasses.
Do your face makeup first.
Contact a local crisis hotline or victim services agency.
Pull the top part of your hair up onto a loose bun.
Dress fashionably.
Start again with their legs straight, knee to hip, and then hip to knee and back to hip.
Put eye primer around your entire eye lid.
Use an herbal spritzer.
Lightly squeeze the handle of the brush to help prevent you from shaking or twisting the handle and start in the center of the nail, slightly further away from the cuticle than you normally would.
Fold and stack your clothes by color.
Follow your surgeon's instructions to reduce swelling.
Add 1 teaspoon of citronella essential oil.
Stop wearing tight pants to reduce chafing and protect your skin.
Try a pair of cute booties for an edgy look.
Explore thrift stores.
Clean your closet.
Add brown sugar into the bowl with the other ingredients.
Pick out your suitcase.
Wait until your second trimester to have a prenatal massage.
Polish up your shoes before you put them on.
Do not remove your jewelry.
Look for deals in stores.
Wear something attention-getting to distract from the scar.
Show only a peek of the bralette.
Volumize your roots with texture powder.
Shop around and try on various fragrances.
Try intermittent fasting to reduce inflammation in your body.
Put on tights.
Find a style of clothing that suits your body type.
Extend images and add on to tattoos to make them bigger.
Evolve as an individual.
Pull the fabric off of the frame and make any necessary repairs.
Layer a long-sleeved top underneath your dress for extra warmth.
Determine if your insurance covers counseling.
Turn up the temperature in your bathroom, or another room you plan to sit while the wrap is on.
Try searching variations of your topic.
Make up you lips:.
Choose the length of pearls to flatter your dress.
Remember that work is just work.
Massage the muscles just above the collarbone.
Add a 1/4 teaspoon of vitamin E oil.
See if the dye is absorbed smoothly and uniformly into the leather.
Mix baby shampoo and water.
Remove the hair rollers.
Look for markings of 1930s style.
Take a moment to observe the current state of things.
Get about 1 ⁄2 yards (1.4 m) for each pair.
Stick to your school’s dress code.
Turn the pillowcase inside out and tuck the tank top inside.
Closely examine yourself after the stylist is finished.
Stay natural.
Remove your skin treatment.
Switch over to denim-style leggings for casual Fridays.
Start with a liquid concealer.
Begin a wide, regular braid on the left side of your head.
Remove the headband.
Apply the petroleum jelly to your lashes.
Finish off with mascara or false lashes.
Go with matte if you need a long lasting lip color.
Fill the sink with hot water.
Push down on the "vamp" (front of the shoe).
Mix for at least 1 - 2 minutes.
Go through your closet.
Use a curved shower rod to pull the curtain away from you.
Add layers in colder weather.
Stir in 10 drops of your favorite essential oil to give your scrub bar a nice scent.
Place your bra where desired.
Wear a button-down shirt over the bralette.
Make a horizontal part at the nape of your neck with a rattail comb.
Allow the curls to set for a few hours.
Pull to the back again and tie moderately tightly.
Slip the cuff over the wrist of the mitten and align the edge of the cuff to the open end of the mitten.
Use caution while driving in wellies.
Use the scrub on a clean face.
Try castor oil.
Choose a flattering and elegant hairstyle.
Use a leather-safe soap.
Combine styling products.
Wash the backpack gently with mild soap.
Spot clean the soles with a pencil eraser regularly.
Always test your cleaning solution on a small section of the surface you're cleaning.
Strain water and remove all flower fragments.
If you find you have some of the mixture let over, pour into a container with a lid.
Add a palmful of mousse to wet hair for defined curls.
Get stitches if the nail bed separates from the finger.
Refrain from gossiping or talking behind other people's backs, as this will ruin your reputation and make your year come off as a bad start!.
Continue in the same fashion for the remaining sections of hair.
Bring the fabric under the clamp down to tighten the strap.
Stay away from citrus fruit.
Make a small mark on the binding where it meets the side seam.
Let him choose the dentist.
Choose a nail color.
Improve your vocabulary.
Understand synchronized glasses.
Cover your hair with a shower cap and let the mask to sit.
Gently brush your hair to blend everything in.
Shampoo your hair with baking soda 1-2 times per week if it’s oily.
Add 1/2 cup of citric acid.
Drink plenty of water to stay hydrated throughout the day.
Have your wedding license or contract document framed.
Continue to rub your hair.
Abstain from using heavily scented products on your hair and skin.
Staple all the way up the unfolded side (not the unfolded top).
Keep repeating until you get to the end of the head.
Take care of your flip flops and they'll last longer.
Go easy on the bronzer.
Set the temperature to a comfortable heat level.
Leave the shoe on a shoe tree as it cools.
Ask if anyone found your money.
Wear a plain tank top that's the same color as your blouse underneath it.
Go with jeans, chinos, or trousers for a more casual look.
Sew the sash to the shirt.
Put on just a little make-up.
Place the insoles inside the container.
Massage the scalp.
Jersey - fabric made of wool, cotton and synthetic fibres.
Thread the rest of the beads onto the pin.
Start combing your beard up and away from your face to fluff it out.
Choose garments that are flattering to your body type.
Assemble the ingredients:.
Avoid going into the sun between the hours of 10 am to 2 pm.
Create preliminary sketches that match the needs of the mentor’s clients.
Read online reviews.
Remove wall stains.
Keep an up-do in place while adding a sparkly finish.
Look proportionate by finding a sweater that hits you at your waist.
Use a color fast embroidery thread to avoid washing problems later.
Gather your hair into a donut shape.
Submerge your jewelry in the water for 10 minutes.
Place your dry clothing out of range of the shower head.
Add style with belts and buttons.
Start with the bottom section of your hair.
Relationships: are close bonds with people that you care about.
Heat the frames in the warm water.
Choose an amount of time.
Always wear at least one statement piece.
Take them camping.
Create your new wardrobe.
Create a playlist to get you pumped for the day.
Turn over the wallet to the police.
Grip the bent headpin above the small spacer bead with your round nose pliers as shown in the graphic.
Choose jewelry that’s small and easy to hide.
Review the results.
In the corners of your eye, use a shimmery white eye-pencil.
Schedule an appointment with a dermatologist.
Add the borax powder to the warming rosewater.
Remember why you are wearing your swimsuit.
Prepare the oatmeal.
Mix clear lip gloss and cosmetic glitter for a quick and easy look.
Style your hair in a way that matches the occasion.
Test any soaps first.
Don’t be the center of attention.
Hide a pad or tampon in your coat pocket but make sure that the pocket is big enough.
Try wearing little or no makeup.
Bend your wires to form a flat loop.
Gather your essential information.
Apply curl cream to damp hair to encourage curls to bounce back.
Remember textures.
Brush your teeth regularly.
Wear a two-piece suit if you have an hourglass shape.
Dress your age!.
Assess the potential of your shoes.
Clean bristles gently.
Make sure the fine hair products you choose are lightweight.
Bathe regularly with antibacterial soap.
Avoid alcohol.
Lower the amount of baking soda if you have sensitive skin.
Take the eraser, and essentially "buff out" all of the dirt on the rubber sides and toe.
Poke 2 bobby pins into the underside of your ponytail through the hair tie.
Outline the corners with black eyeliner.
Stop electrolysis.
Add in 4 tablespoons (60 milliliters) of aloe vera.
Look for leftover hair, which will need braiding.
Get pierced.
Keep it casual.
Clean your makeup tools or use disposable applicators.
Shoes.
Add both containers to the water bath.
Consider wearing shorts when you get out of the pool.
Place brown sugar in a small cup.
Rinse and dry yourself off, especially between the toes to prevent athletes feet.
Allow the lotion to cool overnight before use; otherwise the ingredients may begin to separate.
Apply leather preservative if you can’t make the scratches disappear with heat.
Go with long, wide curls.
Use cleansing milk in the morning and evening.
Add a section of hair from the opposite side of the head and continue braiding.
Tie the threads together in a loop.
Know your angles.
Rinse out your blade.
Tell the stalker that you are not interested in a relationship.
Apply foundation to your face.
Run a humidifier at night.
Make a thin paste from baking soda and water.
Ask a tailor to alter your shirt.
Wipe down and allow to dry.
Place the crepe paper on the lid.
Rinse your hair, making sure you wash out all the coffee grounds.
Stay out of the sun and water for 6-8 weeks after getting a tattoo.
Use an exfoliating body wash to exfoliate in the shower daily.
Add ammonia.
Thread each strand of beading elastic through one of the spacer holes until all of the strands are threaded through.
Up your intake of live cultures.
Restyle your wax when necessary.
Remove your ring after the recommended time.
Dust off the boots.
If you're lucky enough to have an hourglass figure, work that bootylicious behind and those great boobs!.
Add 2 pea-sized amounts of a moisturizer of your choice.
Wash your dyed fabrics in cold water on a gentle cycle.
Use pore cleansing strips to get rid of blackheads.
Get a girdle.
Mix fine grain sugar with a little olive oil.
Refrain from meeting each other’s friends and family.
Fold the shirt from top to bottom with your left hand.
Apply a coconut based shampoo over the mild one.
Slide the end of the mono line back down through the loop.
Dust off extra glitter.
Avoid exfoliating.
Gently rub the pieces of tape on your face to get rid of air bubbles and make sure the tape is flat.
Button the middle snap where the black lines meet across your chest.
Repeat the treatment if needed to restore the suede.
Rinse your sheet in cold water until the water runs clear.
Unclip and wet the section you're doing first.
Label or personalize your tackle box that personal touch by applying your name, nickname, and/ or initials.
Stay away from salty and sugary food as much as you can.
Cross reference your model number.
Heat a double boiler to simmering.
Be nice to other people.
In the make up bag: put in two lip balms, one bottle of nail polish plus a matching top coat, every colour of the of the mini scrunchies and a shiny lip gloss.
Roll up the sock.
Sew two straight rows around the top edge of the pillowcase.
Lift dead skin cells and unclog pores with a homemade facial scrub.
Scrape or wipe away the shellac nail polish.
Clean the area when completed.
Add your fabric to the hot water and watch carefully.
Protect your lips from the sun.
Utilize the shop clerk’s expertise.
Simmer ingredients on low heat, stirring constantly until melted.
Apply the lotion all over without drying yourself at all.
Do not wring or twist the garment.
Place a shirt that fits well over the flannel shirt.
Account for style.
Match your pearls to your gown.
Let the glue dry completely before wearing the bracelet.
Place the watch face-up if you’re setting it down on a table.
Hold a sharpened, colored eyeliner pencil over the flame.
Secure your wig with a chin strap to make finishing touches.
Place an end of the ring against the hole and slide it through your nipple.
Try a high-impact look with a black-and-white palette.
Fill the tub with hot water, then add the dye.
Slip stitch the opening closed.
Show off your curves by wearing skinny jeans and pencil skirts.
Wear gloves.
Keep your shoes like you - sexy, but dignified.
Nurture your hair.
Cut a scalloped edge into the circle.
After that, add Epsom salt to the water.
Start with a clean surface.
Wear sheer accessories.
Wear capri pants or shorts to show off your biker boots.
Opt for a printed shirtdress to make a bold statement.
Mix thoroughly to get rid of any lumps.
Use a decorative shawl pin or clip to tighten loose wraps.
Wipe the shoes with a cloth.
Place the gel in a sterilized, clean glass jar.
Smile and project confidence.
Using a small brush, remove all the tiny bits and pieces left behind, and add them to your container.
Avoid towel drying your hair.
Brush your beard each day.
Clean off the sugar.
Deep cleanse the hands.
Add in a plastic baggy to hold soiled underwear and/or pants.
Pair leggings with a long sweater.
Repeat step three.
Remember that looks aren't everything.
Use it to keep your brows in place.
Use a sulfate-free and chlorine-free shampoo to avoid losing the keratin.
Allow the goggles to air dry.
Buy nursing bras with wide straps.
Avoid changing the jewelry until its healed.
Place the clothes in the mixture and stir them around.
Use a paper towel to wipe it off after five seconds.
Place a slice of raw potato over a dark spot overnight to lighten it.
For some sort of special occasion, e.g.
Refrain from using harsh chemicals.
Groom your feet before you wear slides.
Eat carrots or take vitamin A & E.
Carefully tuck in the tampon string.
Apply a sheer liquid highlighter to the top of your cheekbones and under your eyebrows using a light touch.
Strain the infused leaves and oil into the bowl.
Massage your scalp thoroughly in the shower.
Wear a bold lip color to balance heavy frames.
Keep going.
Cut fabric into 1.5 by 5 inches (3.8 by 12.7 cm) strips.
Stick to simple clothes and jewelry.
Once you've worked the vaseline in for a minute, wipe off your lips with cold water and dab dry with a towel.
Wear overall shorts that complement your figure.
Blend the edges with clean fingers.
Begin French braiding.
Keep your purse in its dust bag if it came with one.
Tie the pants legs together with a bit of string or a hair tie.
Remove polish after two weeks.
Mark each side of the pinched fabric on the inside of the jeans.
Wash the fabric with cold water and detergent, then let it dry.
Learn the basics.
Add embroidery stitches along the outer edge of the patch, if desired.
Invest in the right products for your hair type.
Sprinkle some cinnamon on it.
Make long, smooth strokes from their waist up to their shoulders.
Look at your skin.
Exfoliate your skin with a mixture of sugar and extra virgin olive oil.
Understand the problems you face when using many everyday commercial personal care products:.
Opt for flats when wearing cuffed or cropped jeans.
Being more expensive doesn't always mean better, especially when you have a budget to meet.
If you are very strict, your top should be as follows:.
Report back to your masseuse about the benefits and pains you received from your previous massages.
Massage your temples and forehead.
Place the cotton onto your nail.
Find a pair of old (or new) overalls.
Deal with the embarrassment.
Apply lip stain.
Attach the yarn to the beaded thread.
Mix the color.
Sand down any dried adhesive that overflowed from the hole.
Pull the bottom of the sweater through the hanger, stopping in the middle.
Wear simple leather or suede clogs if your outfit makes a statement.
Make sure your magnets are thicker than the inside of the bottle caps.
Use almond oil and almond paste to give your skin a youthful texture.
Try some “preppy” sports.
Tie some scented items with ribbon and place on top.
Book a day at the spa or salon.
Stir to combine.
Try on your shirt right side out.
Fill a bowl with a little bit more than a cup of chickpea powder.
Schedule time for yourself.
Don't be afraid of aging.
Spray paint the hangers if you don't like the color.
Make life easier on yourself by doing the little things.
Enjoy your new purse.
Break the dried soap nuts open and remove the seeds inside them.
Be kind.
Place the section of hair inside the u-pin.
Apply, leave it on for 2 minutes, and wash off.
Dry your freshly-manicured nails in a hurry.
Remember it is important for you, your horse and your tack to look nice.
Use a protein reconstructor after you use a relaxer.
Try to keep clear skin.
Take a break from chemical treatments and hair dyes.
Measure how long you want your mini skirt to be.
Sieve out the rosemary leaves and add the almond oil.
Dip a brush in monomer and scoop up a bead of acrylic powder.
Try mineral spirits.
Trace a small arch for your lashline on the paper.
Have your brows professionally shaped.
Check the cut.
Look for jeans that match your measurements.
Apply the toner to a cotton ball or pad and run it over the face.
Throw out your lipstick if you’ve had it for 2 years or more.
Take the bracelet off the loom, making sure to hold it securely so it doesn't fall apart.
Wear tight pants with small, wide-set pockets.
Treat cracked skin, wounds, irritation, and stretch marks.
Turn the shirt inside out and sew the sides.
Insert a closed boot stretcher into the toe area of the boot.
Add the carrier oil.
Embrace patterns.
Try laser treatments.
Once you have tied the ends, trim the threads, but do not trim the leather.
Hold the pants upside down by cuffs.
Make your own magnesium oil if you choose.
Don't forget to accessorize and wear good shoes.
Buy and wear merchandise.
Roll the shirt from top to bottom.
Add a colour-catching sheet to your wash to prevent bleeding.
Consult with your doctor about any medications you are taking.
Find the label on the waistline of the pants.
Put a pin on your bag.
Let the oil sit for a minute.
Cover your hair and wait 15 to 20 minutes.
Pick a solitary setting to make it shine.
Choose a few awesome accessories.
Rinse your hair with cool water.
Wipe your face if you drool.
Make filler tattoos lighter and less bold than main pieces.
Leave the jewelry at home.
Have manners and be polite.
Enjoy your nails now that you're done.
Tone your legs.
Try pairing a scarf with a vest.
Shop online for used dresses.
Apply a generous amount of shaving preparation.
Heat your eyelash curler with a hairdryer for about thirty seconds, and then curl your lashes.
Be versatile with your wardrobe.
Tuck a long sleeved blouse into a long skirt to add some flair to your style.
Dust your entire face with a thin layer of translucent powder.
Wipe your nails down with nail polish remover for polish stains.
Apply a generous amount of the mixture to your hair.
Use electrolysis treatments to permanently prevent hair growth.
Put your hair into a sleek high-pony.
In shoes, quality is more important than quantity.
Get ready to go out by slipping on a long necklace.
Select your ring size.
Measure the space between the hat and your head.
Apply eyeshadow in the corner of your eye.
Repeat for the other earring.
Try head molds to keep your hats on display.
Increase your intake of biotin and other B vitamins.
Wash out chlorine.
Have several good reasons ready for why you are wearing them, should others come over to see you in your house.
Ask practitioners about their expectations for your hair type.
Choose a shrug for extra warmth that doesn’t add too much bulk.
Straighten and style your short hair.
Spritz your hair with hairspray if you are facing the elements like wind to protect your hair and keep the curls in check!.
Take medication.
Wear high-waisted pants, skirts, and dresses to make your legs look longer.
Do not engage a stalker with a history of violence.
Find out how formal the event is.
Rinse with cool or warm water.
Use cedar insoles or chips.
Pick a one-piece to give yourself an hourglass shape.
You need to flush out any of the pus or bacteria you possibly can with a syringe and fresh cold water.
Twist girl hair into a messy bun to complete this warm, soft and cosy look.
Dip the sweatshirt into the dye mixture.
Get 1 bar of moisturizing soap and 1 bar of regular soap.
Apply conditioner to your hair (Conditioner  will help you reduce the damage of your hair).
Spray the airbrush over the stencil to create the design.
Pre-treat for stain removal.
Secure the jewelry with a bead when wearing a nipple ring.
Change the ink capacity in the needle mouth when necessary.
Chip the hardened gum out of your hair.
Combine a brighter colored shirt with darker outfit choices.
Push the chapstick out of its tube.
Untwist the hair gently.
Starting at the center of the hairline, slide your thumbs out to the side, applying gentle pressure.
Put regular nail polish on first.
Try using acorns to dye fabric a dark purple-black.
Use pressure around the sun-glass lens to pop it out.
Lay the lashes out to dry.
After you get pierced, make sure that your piercer gives you specific aftercare instructions.
Shape your curls, if needed.
Consider where you want the focus to be when accessorizing.
Rub their temples and their forehead.
Apply some hairspray or gel.
Dress for humidity.
Test the concealer on your neck if you'd use it for covering your face.
Clean your feet.
Start with something basic, and natural, for example, some mascara, a little eyeliner, and lip gloss.
Massage your lips with a paste made from baking soda and water.
Repeat this folding method for each t-shirt, layer by layer.
File the surface of each of your nails.
Put on a structured capelet for a day spent in meetings or at the office.
Clamp the curling iron shut and twist it so that the hair spirals around it.
Pick up your feet while walking.
Look into photodynamic rejuvenation.
Add a gentle detergent.
Paint shoes with red paint.
Repeat these steps for the rest of your hair.
Line your waterline with white or brown eyeliner pencil.
The first thing that needs to happen is stepping up your confidence.
Hang and use your earring holder.
Visualize a motivation or feeling.
Braid the other end of the bracelet.
Toss on a cross-body bag for an easy, practical accessory.
Show an interest in romance.
Pour boiling water over the elderflowers in a large container.
Dry your skin carefully.
Run your hands up their neck lightly and cup their head in your hands.
Avoid pumping your mascara wand.
Create a mixture of equal parts vinegar and warm water.
Solicit recommendations from friends.
Be hygienic.
Have a positive attitude.
Rinse out your hair until the cool water runs clear.
Use tea bags.
Think about shoes.
Peel away the two tongue shaped leather pieces.
Opt for bold colors off of your main room.
Always wear clean clothes and underwear.
Try out different kinds of jewelry.
Top off your outfit with a vest for a bit of class.
Understand the design.
Pack toiletries.
Get new lenses in your old frames.
Let the powder cool, then glue the metal pan back into the plastic case.
Clean your earrings and earlobes before inserting your earrings.
Use a lot of old news papers and tissue papers to stop your skin and bed sheets being wet or bloated by the natural organic substances coming out of your body, especially you brush your teeth or secrete.
Curl lashes(hold the lashes for about 15 seconds).
Tuck the edges of the fabric into the button.
Hand or machine-wash the dress on the gentlest cycle available.
Try on your favorite pairs in the store before buying.
Remove the piercing if you're allergic.
For a simple girl-next-door-look, you can pair your blouse with a solid colored cardigan and a pair of skinny jeans.
Ask your dermatologist or cosmetic surgeon about botox injections.
Opt for a lower end copy-cat as a last resort.
You now have a pouch.
Wet the hair.
Manage any health conditions that might affect your nail growth.
Create a half up bouffant.
Place the liquid in a pump type sprayer, (you can get these from a hardware store), and spray as you would with a commercial hair product, misting your hair evenly with a light coat.
Get the right sun exposure to help vitamin production.
Apply sunscreen before exposing your face to direct sunlight.
Cut at an angle.
Use hot water.
Avoid bragging.
Put your hair back into a basic ponytail.
Use the toothbrush to work the vaseline into your lips.
Ignite the shoe polish with a lighter.
Avoid tyrosine-based tanning accelerators.
Pick a hat that matches your proportions.
Keep your jewelry away from light and heat.
Keep it tied for about 30 min-1 hour, depending on how long it takes your hair to dry.
Leave shoes to dry in well-ventilated area for 1-2 days, to make sure that when gluing on sequins the paint will not come off (the purpose of this is so the natural color of the shoe will not come through the gaps between the sequins).
Continue to braid with the leftmost and rightmost strands.
Create drama with a bold eye makeup look.
Sew the bottom cut together.
Run your watch band under warm water.
Add a healthy glow to your cheeks with blush.
Turn them inside out again and cut off the fabric just outside of the stitching if you're happy with the fit.
Add the cucumber into the mixture.
Keep the hair section in place with bobby pins or hair clips.
Apply a powder blush to the apples of the cheeks where you are naturally flush.
Play with eye shadow and eyeliner.
Add data to your calendar.
Cut three elastic pieces.
Use your fingers to apply the cleanser to your face.
Choose a lotion self tanner to add a warm glow to your legs.
Spray the section of your jeans that you want to shrink.
Roll your socks when packing to travel.
Massage your arms.
Use styrofoam egg crates to hold earrings or rings.
Use drawer dividers to keep your drawers organized.
Wear your scarf as a halter top.
Store the lashes properly.
Measure how far the cutting mark is from the bottom of the leg.
Bend the wire to create a wavy effect.
Pick a scarf in a contrasting colour to your jacket to make it stand out.
Begin a basic braid at your hairline using the loose, top section.
Brush or comb the hair into a ponytail.
Pair complementary colors.
Pat a powder puff in some finishing powder.
Prepare your dye baths.
Gargle saltwater regularly as directed by your dentist.
Arrive to your appointment with clean eyes.
Eat a diet rich in calcium and protein to promote better nail growth.
Mark around the waistline with fabric chalk.
Add the water from the second bowl back to the petals.
Choose your ingredients.
Consider headbands.
Sew darts along the neckline to tighten it.
Roll up the used pad after removing it from your underwear.
Wear the tank top by itself with jeans for something casual.
Pay close attention to the vendor.
See How to knit a coat hanger cover for details on at least two ways to create a knitted coat hanger cover.
Seal the cigar box purse with 1-3 coats of aerosol or liquid polyurethane.
Spray as much or as little of the bleach solution as you want on your jeans, whether bunched up or flat, in the locations where you want the acid washed look to appear.
Trace around your foot with a pencil.
Paint your nails with your chosen colour.
Wear edgy accessories with an edgy dress.
Braid before bed.
Lock in your hairstyle with hairspray.
Give your look a test run at a dress rehearsal.
Measure the upper layer against the bottom one while cutting it.
Use the solution on other parts of the glasses.
Pour some bleach into a bowl and get out a cheap, thin paint brush.
Sketch out some flames on paper so you can practice drawing them before you do it on your face.
Choose clothes that are tailored or fitted, but not tight or super baggy.
Lift and squeeze your hair while blow drying to define your waves.
Sew the short ends of the fabric together to make a tube.
Do splatter paint nails.
Adjust a lace headband to fit around the wearer's thigh.
Repeat the process with the rest of your hair.
Get a spray tan.
Look for a pair of boots that hit higher on the ankle for wearing with jeans.
Select your preferred stencil.
Make quilling earrings.
Let go of lipstick that’s been exposed to extreme heat.
Remove the rubber bands and unfold the sheet.
Rub down quickly with baby wipes to get some of the grime off.
Make a natural exfoliant from baking soda.
Pick a beard comb that has wide and narrow gaps between the teeth.
Apply your makeup.
Wash and dry your jeans according to their instructions.
Follow this pattern all the way around.
Drink water or tea.
Wear a glittery liner.
See how your hair looks.
Check the number at the spot where the tape meets the start.
Fold each side of the jacket inward, toward the middle.
Run the tape measure to the top of your crotch for a tucked-in shirt.
Use hairspray to flatten flyaways.
Take out any jewelry that you've outgrown.
Keep your uniform clean and wrinkle-free.
Measure around yourself, while wearing the dress, where the top of the dress meets the skirt.
Opt for wellies when the weather is rainy.
Pair your pants with some skinny heels for a night out.
Combine avocado and egg yolks.
Try glow-in-the-dark skin and hair paint.
Show off a three-point fold.
Fold both sides of the sleeper inwards, so they meet securely in the middle, but don't overlap the sides.
Rinse the mask off with warm water.
Ask your doctor about medications for itching caused by nerve damage.
Use shea butter when making chocolate.
Use a little bit of eyeliner.
Wear shoes that would for the occasion.
Section your hair.
Make sure the braid reaches all the way to the bottom of the back of the head and that it is really tight.
Moisturize where necessary.
Lay your fabric on a large table.
Twist the ponytail or braid to form a bun.
Learn more about body image and the media.
Focus on their heels.
Spray the onion juice on any problem areas on the sides of your scalp.
For more painless detangling, catch your hair with one hand near the roots and start to untangle with your other hand slowly.
Go onto the grass and spray 5 to 10 inches (12.7 to 25.4 cm) away depending on the strength of your sprayer in order to apply.
Pluck or wax hair to be hair-free for 1-3 weeks.
Dry your hair by wrapping it in a towel or old T-shirt.
Add 2 tablespoons of beeswax.
Use hairspray.
Get outdoors every day.
Add the mixture to the bath.
Pick three flowers with long stems.
Start with painted nails.
Let your hair air dry, or use a blow dryer on the cool setting if you’re in a hurry.
Remove the elastic at the top of the braid, either by stretching it and pulling it down over the braid or very carefully snipping it with a pair of scissors.
Grate them into a large stainless steel pot.
Avoid stiff fabrics.
Strain the plant material out of the dye.
Begin to Dutch braid your hair.
Wash your jewelry with warm water and salt to keep it sterile.
Use a hairdryer to help set the gelatin.
Use sea salt spray.
Place the funnel over the spray bottle to prep for mixture delivery.
Add ⁄2 cup (120 mL) of white vinegar to remove buildup.
Use your dotting tool to add the holly berries.
Choose eye-catching jewelry to make a statement.
Enjoy your new look for a low cost.
Buy about two or three pairs of shorts, three pairs of jeans, two pairs of pants and two pairs of leggings.
Wear tight leggings to enhance your curves.
See which schools offer a program in the massage method you are interested in.
Be sure that it's easy to use.
Place a second and third band above the first band.
Do not fiddle with the recently-inserted jewelry.
Roll both sides consecutively over in an upward fashion.
Elevate your outfit with a button-down.
Secure the ponytail with a hair tie.
Wake up your iPhone's screen.
Allow the spray gel to dry.
Arms: Biceps worked both from and to the heart several times over.
Cross the strands under the middle 1 for a Dutch braid.
Add hair extensions to give your hair more body.
Rock a messy bun with a modified beanie.
Scout out a location that would work.
Choose two matching items with a flat back to use for your earrings.
Cut earring findings to the correct size using a wire cutter.
Slick the rest of your hair back at the sides.
Apply a copper color eye shadow on your upper as well as lower lash line.
Start at the bottom of your body and work your way up.
Take colder showers.
Enhance reddish tones with paprika and rose hips.
Go with a loose finishing powder for lightweight coverage.
High Heels are essential.
Get rid of harsh shampoo.
Clean dried mud and dirt off of your boots as soon as possible.
Avoid using the steam method more than once a week.
Avoid necklaces with fine chains and shirts with collars if you have long hair.
Reduce swelling with cold water.
Consider the time requirements of the program and your current schedule.
Know the Android watch's exact functions.
Add a scarf.
Once your out, you can wrap your hair in a towel and leave it for no more than 5 minutes.
Now we polish the nails.
Use beeswax for a smoother, easier to apply product.
Avoid wearing skirts and pants that feature vertical patterns.
Let the shoes air dry.
Use cuticle oil or hand cream whenever your hands are dry.
Rinse thoroughly, and dry well.
If you are looking for a pouf that is good for traveling, you will want to buy a smaller one.
Replace the pieces that come off.
Get up early.
Add lemon or orange pieces, using the whole fruit, including peel.
Make a knot at the back of your head.
Don’t smoke or abuse alcohol.
Attach the zipper to both pieces of fabric.
Don't go alone.
Set your washing machine to high heat.
Choose light and glossy lipsticks.
Talk to your doctor about corticosteroids.
Take the ends of the hair that you curled and begin to roll them down into a big curl directly above your forehead.
Put the shirt on and pull it under your armpits.
Take the dough and flatten out on a board or flat surface.
Shape the hole into a circle, square, diamond or heart, if desired.
Section the strip of hair into three sections.
If you have tried a new style (the braid for example) mist on some hairspray to hold it in place.
Roll your hair into a bun for big curls.
Use lotion to nourish your nails and hands.
Toss your hair.
Gather the "tail" and wrap it.
Create a bohemian beach look.
Apply a base coat and a base color and let them dry.
Use clear gels and mousses.
If you flooded the nail a bit, put the pointy end of an orange stick or toothpick as close as you can to the cuticle and run it along one side and along the nail groove, then repeat on the other side if necessary.
Ask other women who have got them for their advice, or read what other customers have said about the product.
Announce the winner of the contestant that has the highest score.
Reduce shine on your eyelids with concealer and translucent powder.
Twist in some waves.
Comb through.
Throw on some boots for a contradiction.
Use rose water.
Look for online contests and giveaways.
Reach for your Crocs when you need to run errands.
Brush your baby’s teeth.
Spray your hair with a sea salt spray.
Let the mixture sit on your hair for 5 to 10 minutes.
Relieve stress so you can keep feeling your best.
Keep your diet high in monounsaturated fats.
Buy different lengths of necklaces.
If the clasp has to be cleaned as well, use a Q tip (cotton bud) dipped in either jewelry cleaner (make sure it is compatible with the metal of the clasp) or if it a hard metal (not gold) without gemstones, you can use a bit of toothpaste.
Pair with a brightly colored cardigan such as red or blue.
Buy a mild shampoo or dish soap.
Add the food coloring.
Pat your hair dry with a soft towel, leaving a little of the dampness in...
Add extra ingredients if you'd like.
Check the scar daily.
If you use an electronic calendar, learn to set up recurring appointments.
Take all of the pins out of your hair.
Bleach dark wash jeans before dyeing.
Find that completely awesome unique style of yours.
Visit your doctor for medical treatment.
Wear patterns if you plan on making them the focal point of your outfit.
Braid for a few stitches, then secure the braid with a hair tie.
Go back to the mirror!.
Rinse your hair with tomato juice.
Consult the jacket manufacturer’s size chart if buying online.
With your comb, gently comb through your hair.
Put on a bandeau for straight across coverage.
Use white eyeliner.
Wear your jacket or coat during the day.
Brush your hair straight down and release it from the round brush.
Boil enough water to fill your container.
Add lace.
Tuck in a button-down shirt or blouse.
Use a towel to damp dry your body where you applied the lotion.
Grab a bit of your hair and squeeze it, keep doing that for about 2-4 minutes.
Choose a warmer hair color.
You can work through hip again from this angle too, then to have them turn over to repeat on other side.
Keep your cuticle cream at a cool temperature for up to 1-2 years.
Put on mascara.
Shampoo every 2-3 days to let your hair restore its natural oils.
Visit your doctor to get navel stones removed if necessary.
Get a surgical lift to make your breasts look younger.
Wait until the nails are mostly chipped away.
Use baby wipes to clean out the insides of the slippers.
Cut off the excess Korea Cotton Wax Cord part.
Invest in a good shampoo and conditioner.
Try wearing shoes that make you look taller.
Be classy at all times.
Remove the hair tie and brush out your hair normally.
Practice humility.
Consider following up with toner and moisturizer.
Bring leather into the mix.
Grind the oatmeal into a fine powder and add it to the jar.
Fill in your eyebrows with your natural color, but make sure it is lightly done.
Use lip liner to line your lips, then blend the line with your finger.
Close the bottle, and shake it before using it.
Pair the waistcoat with a slim-fitting, button-down dress shirt with a collar.
Avoid thinking negative thoughts about yourself.
You may also use pumice stone to buff out the fissures.
Wear the classics.
Choose your wardrobe accordingly.
Get your accessories and jewelry.
Spray all over the twisted hair with water again.
Brew coffee.
Put Vaseline or petroleum jelly around your whole nail.
Sew a little bit above the seam that you just made.
Avoid comparing yourself to others, especially media portrayals of beauty.
Get a standard clothes hanger.
Leave the paste on for 5-10 minutes, then rinse off with warm water.
Empty a green tea bag into a small bowl.
Put on concealer.
Alternate between a ceremony shoe and a reception shoe.
Eat foods that are protein and biotin rich to possibly help your hair grow.
Overlap the cut edges, then secure them with tape or glue.
Never ever use heat on your hair.
Wash out the waterproofing when desired.
Purchase or make your materials.
Extend your tongue while pressing it to the floor of your mouth.
If your parents are flexible and easy to talk to, this method should be easy.
Apply two moistened cotton pads to your client's eyes, while you are taking a close look at their skin.
Once you have washed your hair, you will probably want to dry it.
Blow dry the product to solidify the paste into place.
Shave patchy balding spots.
Discuss hair transplant options.
Pin it in place as needed.
Find a cobbler near you.
Gather your hair up into a high ponytail.
Twist your hair around the style iron to create a curl.
Fade the darkest lines of your old tattoo before getting your new tattoo.
Continue braiding around the head.
Value your virtues.
Twist and coil your hair for spiral curls.
Once the faint shine comes through and the polish has been worked into the boot, take your index finger and the cloth and dip it lightly into the  water, and start rubbing it into the boot over the polish in small circles about an inch wide.
Choose the corrector, concealer, and highlighter track.
Protect your skin.
Repair or remove from duty any item of clothing that appears worn out or badly damaged.
Try an over-the-counter treatment.
Use your red lipliner.
Wring out the towels.
Opt for hydrating alcohols over drying ones.
Spray the clothes with a mixture of water and lemon juice.
Add a small amount of mascara.
Apply honey to dry skin.
Use stencils for an easier time creating beginner designs.
Look out for scratches.
Emphasize the tilt of upturned eyes with smokey eyeshadow.
Roll out a bit of white clay into a thin white string.
Pour the solution into a small glass storage jar suitable for makeup creams.
Opt for boots.
Wear pumps or fancy flats.
Wear your jacket with boots or sneakers.
Release.
Frame your face with a faux bob.
Put 1 1/4 teaspoons of cinnamon in a small bowl.
Apply a moisturizer to your skin.
Apply a self-tanner for a bronzed, beach babe look.
Slip the SIM card on to the jump ring.
Don't use your teeth as tools.
Use cool water and a mild detergent.
Avoid scrubbing or exfoliating irritated skin.
Try a spa day.
Wear a gold chain as a necklace so it’s visible.
Treat yourself to 1 to 2 oz (28 to 56 g) of dark chocolate every day.
Lift the right flap into a perpendicular position.
Choose quality over quantity.
Clip your hair up and cover it in plastic.
Apply serum to keep your hair sleek.
Use a cream or liquid makeup remover on your eyes and lips.
Keep some tampons in a pill bottle (like Aspirin).
Begin to coil the hair around itself at the base.
If you are using a phone screen protector with two peeling sides, mark the front and back accordingly.
Soothe yourself when you feel inadequate.
Use a drying rack or flat surface.
Allow the mixture to cool and harden.
Purchase the items needed to help create the basket.
Use dish soap to gradually wash away the hair dye.
Buy some stylish clothing based on the information in your journal.
Know where to shop.
Talk to your charity about other items they may need.
Understand the difference between base massage oils and aromatherapy essential oils.
Wear a T-shirt instead of a collared shirt.
Experiment!.
Select New Diary Entry (CTRL N).
Ask for information about financial aid, if you require it, or job placement.
Apply a good hand cream daily and whenever needed.
Review the event’s details and think about how you’ll likely be spending your time at the event.
Wash off the oil completely with shampoo.
Exercise at least 3 times per week.
Get a hot oil treatment.
Create loose waves by braiding a bandana into your hair.
Use a nude colored lipstick, and lightly pat all over lips.
Choose frames and lenses.
Put pantyhose on carefully.
Mix together one tablespoon of brown sugar and one tablespoon of coconut oil.
Using a sewing machine, straight stitch a line ¼ inch (0.63 centimeters) away from the cut edge.
Surround yourself with people who support you.
Make sure the eyeliner color matches your eyeshadow and your complexion.
Choose the right length for your body type.
Adjust and balance out the scarf.
Skip a day when you wash your hair.
Find or purchase a wooden cigar box.
Trim, moisturize, and brush the Marley hair.
Submerge your weave in the sink for no more than 2 minutes.
Work with a mental health professional to address psychological factors.
Start with dry, combed hair.
Hold your hair in a ponytail.
Eat fruit and vegetables.
Fold the top, raw edge of your lining down by 1 inch (2.54 centimeters) all the way around.
Wet your feet with water in the bath or the shower.
Select a button-down shirt and dark tie for a day at the office.
Purchase a GPS or Bluetooth tracking device to help you find your bags.
Buy insurance.
Replace often.
Don't accept rides from friends without telling a guardian first.
Cover your clothing by wearing a trench coat.
Once you've figured out your skin tone, try to find makeup in these tones.
Add ½ teaspoon of vanilla extract for fragrance.
Check that the toes bend.
Select the type of bag that you'd like to make your tea tub concoction in.
Take care of your skin.
Moisturize the skin immediately after a bath or washing your face.
Make a plan for emergencies.
Use potatoes.
Choose a crew neck for versatility with any type of clothing.
Consider the venue.
If you're really slick, attach zippers so that they access the pockets already on the pants.
Apply a light foundation and concealer.
Make your own corsage as an alternative.
Pair black and white eyeliner for a mod look.
Don't overheat your house, and use a humidifier if you live in a dry climate.
Pour in 0.5 cups (120 mL) of cream-colored liquid dye.
Lean forward and begin to French braid the hairs at your nape.
Stay away from chlorinated pool water.
Get a friend to measure your P.D.
Wear straight-legged pants with a flat front.
Wear your scarf as a shrug.
Cut the stitches holding the fabric to the metal frame.
Buff your nails to remove any shine.
Use tinted brow mascara.
Apply a lip glaze or "frosty" lip gloss.
Don’t exacerbate the situation while you’re trying to cover it up.
Dress with practicality in mind.
Encourage conversation.
Decorate the earrings.
Evaluate the clothes in your closet.
Wear dark colored scarves with light prints and patterns.
Begin adding the bugle beads.
Remove the batteries if you'll be storing your watches long-term.
Make a habit to exercise 3-5, slowly building up to 2-3 hours each week.
Combine several old lipsticks on a microwave-safe bowl.
Dry the pants over an open fire.
Once you feel confident pulling off an easy look, try to get more advanced, and buy concealer, setting powder and foundation.
Send yourself some flowers.
Match the hairstyle.
Create texture with products.
Undo the bun in the morning.
Create a dimensional look for your eyes with different eyeshadows.
Pick tights with thermal protection if you run in the cold.
Blend layers of warm, dark eyeshadow colors to create a smokey eye.
Pat down your face with a dry and clean towel.
Add 2 or 3 pumice stones into the washing machine with the clothes.
Search for a stylist with experience cutting curly hair.
Rip the knots apart.
Right click the saved file and open it with Paint by choosing 'Edit'.
Close the jar, and shake it to mix.
Assemble materials.
Locate a small tub, baby shampoo and consider using purified water, especially if your home has well water.
Get plenty of vitamin C.  Vitamin C is good for the capillaries and blood vessels in your eyes, so getting enough vitamin C can help prevent red or yellow looking eyes.
Pair tank tops with high-waisted shorts for a touch of chic and glamour.
Fill the other half with olive oil.
Comb your beard.
Quality.
Change the panty liner at least once every 3 to 4 hours.
Drink  a lot of water.
Boost the purple with a color refresher shampoo.
Use a relaxer if you don't want to go natural.
Keep color combinations in check.
Choose safety glasses that don’t restrict your sight or movement.
Use isopropyl alcohol to get sap out of fabrics.
If it's possible, choose a seat next to a woman.
Use an overlock foot and your sewing machine to mimic a serger stitch.
Put on long sleeved shirts and pants.
Compare the texture of different brands.
Brainstorm about whom in your family (or close friend) you can talk to and has the respect of your family.
Using an angled eyeliner brush, pat the darker grey eyeshadow below the eye, underneath the lash line.
Choose where you want your shortest layer to fall.
ALWAYS wash off make up at the end of each day!.
Check with your doctor before taking supplements.
Smudge the kajal for a smoky eye.
Apply a powder beige colour to your lids and use a second layer, using a darker brown colour this time.
Make yourself a nice hot drink like herbal tea because this helps cramps, chocolate might make you feel bloated or bad.
Add the rest of the petals and let them sit for 24 hours.
Wear your pants a little lower.
Create of kojic acid cream.
Opt for sandals or flats for a casual look.
Save your hair the next time you cut a lot off!.
Choose oversized band shirts for a cool, casual look.
Add a thin strand of hair to the section closest to your hairline.
Wrap a scarf around your neck to add a fun burst of color to your outfit.
Wash and apply products.
Moisturize, moisturize, moisturize.
Comb your hair with a wide-tooth comb.
Scrub the area with laundry or dish soap and warm water.
Wrap the straps around your bust for a strapless dress.
Buy a heavy shower liner to keep your curtain in place.
Use the same cord to create a second knot.
Wash with a clarifying shampoo once a month.
Stop smoking.
Apply by scooping out a small amount, rub between your fingers and smooth under your armpits.
Don't overdo the partying.
Wear a slim-fitting jersey if you want to tuck it in.
Unscrew the lid and apply a little less polish to the brush than you think you should.
Bring the right side over the left.
Choose a statement piece on top to balance out your outfit.
Put the bra in a mesh lingerie bag.
Fill the cups or bowls up a little over halfway with cold water.
See your doctor if you have an allergic reaction.
If you're planning on nursing, buy ahead.
Put ½ cup (120 milliliters) of coconut oil and ½ cup (115 grams) of shea butter into the bowl.
Apply your homemade green tea toner with a cotton ball or spray bottle.
Take part B and C and switch places, almost like a twist.
Wear a head scarf while sleeping.
Determine if the tattoo is a deal breaker for you.
Dry with a clean towel.
Wear normal clothes.
Carry a stylish purse.
Turn your body.
Choose boots that fit snugly.
Apply liquid eyeliner along your upper lids.
Go for bold, bright lipstick if you have a darker skin tone.
Cut a piece of scrap fabric slightly larger than the hole.
Add earrings.
Tug on your ponytail gently to make sure it's in place.
Assemble your supplies.
Lightly tap the brush into the eyeshadow.
Arrange pillows under your knees to make sleeping on your back more comfortable.
Start out with an even cut, if possible.
Consider getting cryotherapy after steroid injections to freeze the scar.
Give sincere compliments.
Put the balls in pairs and gently press them down.
Try side-swept cornrows for an elegant look.
Transfer the rose water and petals to a glass or ceramic saucepan.
Wash your hands with toothpaste to remove pungent smells that refuse to come off.
Stay away from blow drying and towel drying.
Using hair ribbons, tie up your hair into ponytails and plait them...TIGHT!!.
Try taking hair, skin, and nail vitamins.
Pull your hair up into a mid-height ponytail.
Finished!.
Hold point A in place and bring point B to meet point C. Cross your arms when you bring point B to meet point C. Take hold of both points B and C and uncross your arms.
Open up the zipper tab flap that should be currently covering the child's zipper (if one is included, which most should have).
Tease your hair.
Avoid getting a tattoo on extremely thin skin.
Hang your dress pants up in your closet or in a garment bag.
Wash the sheet in hot water, but don't dry it.
Get a calculator and somehow get it to stay there or you can buy a book that have calculators stapled in them.
Go to a shop with reasonable prices: while thrift stores are not necessary (but actually a very good source of extremely cheap yet stylish clothing), don't go to an expensive store where only two clothes can be purchased.
Place the image picture-side down on your craft.
Allow your hair to cool for at least 30 minutes.
Use the oil as a leave-in conditioner.
Blend the powder into your face.
Create an apple cider vinegar rinse.
Decide if you want to wear your shoes or simply display them.
Master your makeup prep and foundation first.
Rub an unscented, dye-free dryer sheet on your head.
To restore whites without damaging the fabric, soak the items in lukewarm water with oxygen bleach for a couple of hours depending on how white you want items to be, usually in between 15-24 hours.
Enjoy a luxurious bath.
Keep the massage oil out of reach of children and away from light, in a cool, dark location.
Thread the safety pins onto the first wire, alternating directions.
Don’t go searching for the owner.
Gain perspective from other embarrassing moments.
Focus on yourself.
Wipe your hands on the washcloth.
Provide feedback as the session progresses.
Add concealer.
Use a size chart from your desired brand for the most accuracy.
Try the post-iron pin technique.
Dump the coffee over your hair.
Do the same thing with your other sleeve.
Get organized and stay that way.
Choose a button in a complementary color to your rickrack.
Sign a lease or make a purchase and start building your new day spa.
Clean and disinfect your tools.
When you wake up the next morning, you'll already be over your bad day.
Apply makeup right before leaving.
Place the hanger in your closet.
Add a pair of knee-high boots to your a-line skirt.
Insert hair curlers.
Mix all three items well.
Put on your clothes, matching your top to your ribbon.
Bring along an extra pair of shoes to change into.
Lay out large red sequins.
Place iron-on adhesive around the edges of the hole.
Allow your sandals to dry out between uses.
Use a spoon to shield your skin.
Remember to brush and floss your teeth before reinserting your Invisaligns.
Go with a glove that’s too small to velcro on completely.
Stay away from bold, busy patterns like large floral prints, large polka dots, or geometric designs.
Push the back of the button in place.
Shake out your curls.
Hold the cotton ball against your lashes for about 10-20 seconds.
Use a natural conditioner if you find your hair too dry.
Go for an off-the-shoulder look.
Pop your collar.
Half-tuck your T-shirt in the front for a breezy, laid-back look.
Wear a lacy white or light-colored top of any sleeve length.
Add sparkly accessories to stand out.
Keep a pad or tampon in a zippered pocket.
Cut the non-toxic crayon into small slices and put it in the bowl.
Shoes and purses are two items girls like to spend more on.
Find a place for everything.
Try it on.
Use implant grade surgical steel or titanium, Teflon, or glass in your piercing if you have sensitive skin.
Tie your hair up if it’s windy outside to prevent tangles.
Have a specific interest or hobby.
Start early.
Go and get a box of Mr. Clean Magic Erasers.
Ask a sales assistant for advice and help when you enter the store.
Look for signs of infection if regular washing doesn’t work.
Wait a long time.
Add layers to short hair to create an edgy-looking bob.
Keep your makeup simple.
Keep the shoe stretcher in your shoe for 6 – 8 hours before removing it.
Review your school dress code carefully: It does not feel good to be dress-coded in a school where you are trying to set the trends.
Blow-dry against the brush until your hair is dry.
Create a new take on smokey eyes with taupe and charcoal tones.
Wait 5 minutes before rinsing the mask off with tepid water.
Set up a double-boiler.
Again using the pliers, bend the wire into a loop, but leave it slightly open for now.
Get comfortable.
Submerge the jewelry in hydrogen peroxide.
Match your shoes - Due to the pre-preparation of the L.B.D.
Heat the oil in preparation for manicure.
Apply to the spot you want to cover.
Volunteer your time.
Fill the closet.
Spray on hair spray, then roll the can over your strands.
Repeat with the remaining plastic strands, working down to the bottom strand.
Be classic and trendy.
Foam-roll your abdominal muscles for a temporary fix.
Wear a scarf.
Slip a unique headband over your head.
Store your gold-filled jewelry in a velvet-lined box.
Unhook the fastener if your bracelet has a lobster clasp.
Borrow nice clothes from a friend.
Use your 'to-do' list to schedule out your day so you can take the actions needed to accomplish your goals.
Hang your cotton or polyester scarves on a clothesline to air dry.
Go for a two-toned look.
Now apply conditioner to the ends (see the step before last, and do it in the same manner).
Put a skin colored eyeshadow on your whole lid and blend it.
Use a pair of needle-nose pliers to undo case backings with notches.
Apply the paste to your neck and face in bathroom.
Press a cold compress to your puffy eyes.
Find the broken piece or pieces.
Blend the lines.
Keep your receipt and leave the tags on.
Recruit other people to display your art.
Do not limit yourself to black suits.
Use a non-oxidizing dye to cover the henna.
Avoid stretching out the flip flop thong.
For a  three strand leash, buy a 54 inch (137.2 cm), outdoor, round shoelace.
Try wearing hot pink shoes to make a statement.
Open the loop slightly with your round nose pliers and slide the chain (with 10 links) onto the loop.
Place your coins on or near to the coin acceptor.
Attach a concentrator nozzle onto your hair dryer.
Photograph your bags and their contents.
Know when to wear the dhoti.
Consider including a more fun item to brighten your day if you need it.
Place the measuring tape 1-inch (2.5-cm) above the tops of your ears.
Pat your face dry with a clean, bacteria free towel, leaving it slightly damp.
Finally (this is optional) use gold liquid eyeliner and trace just beneath the red lipliner underneath your eye and accent mostly the top, going around the outside lines of the black, so it's not too in-your-face, but it's easy to tell it's there, and outline the flames 'inside the borders'...and...your finished!.
Spread the neem paste on your face.
Start with the face routine.
Use the hot air brush on the remaining sections of your hair.
Go shopping with friends so they can help you decide what looks best on you.
Learn to make combinations of colours.
Use an orthodontic brush.
Beware of surgically removing a keloid.
Drink at least eight glasses of water daily.
Do plie squats.
Start with wet or damp hair.
Collect sufficient cardboard toilet paper tubes.
Twist the pony-tail around itself until you have a small bun at the back of your head, and secure it with a hair elastic to hold it in place.
Consult a dermatologist for more aggressive treatment.
Cut the middle join.
Fold the shirt in half lengthwise so the sleeves line up.
Pin the curl with a bobby pin in the center and spray with hair spray.
Repeat as necessary.
Remove makeup with oil.
Find an enjoyable physical activity.
Use felt for a mustache on a stick.
Steam your skin with fragrance.
Choose UV BUFF® headwear to protect your skin from the sun.
Check the bottom pattern on the sole.
Surround yourself with friends to seem more appealing.
Wipe down or wash your bag on a weekly basis to keep it clean.
Find beauty in darkness.
Look for simple, tasteful pieces if you’re attending a funeral or wake.
Wrap the box with tissue paper.
Contrast the colors of your flats and outfit.
Rinse off after finishing.
It is important to brush your teeth three times daily while your piercing is healing.
Use foot powders.
Use makeup.
Sweep neutral or light eyeshadow from your lash line up to your crease.
Receive a series of chemical peels to erase the tattoo gradually.
Clean the Wave.
Be prepared for a little pain.
Stop tanning and see if the rash goes away.
Contact a knitwear specialist.
Cover your head.
Wear your waistcoat with a three-piece suit for a traditional, formal look.
Don casual shoes.
Intensify the black eye shadow on your lower eye lids by applying eye liner.
Grow your hair out, if appropriate.
Get tested for allergies before receiving a tattoo.
Put the hoodie in the dryer by itself.
Walk gracefully and don't get in trouble very often.
Nourish your skin with honey and cooked oatmeal.
Pick washes and details that match the jean’s purpose.
Make stylish shoe racks with crown molding.
Master a skill.
Make sure that you read the package instructions.
Add a sports bottle.
Spend less time looking in the mirror if it triggers picking.
Select a vibrant shade of cream blush.
Apply a pea-sized amount to a cotton ball.
Sew lace around the arc sides of counter and vamp as it is shown below.
Use a deep-conditioning mask once per week.
Rinse once.
Consider a hair corsage.
Consider spot patching.
Get a clique.
Exfoliate regularly anywhere you pluck.
Mix up a diluted bleach solution for heavy-duty spot cleaning.
Fold each side of the shirt inward, approximately 2 inches (5cm), toward the middle of the shirt.
Wear shoes.
Get plenty of sleep each night.
Make a honey-lemon cleanser for oily skin.
Be interesting about your clothing choices: Most "preps" would wear layered shirts and a pair of skinny jeans w/ flats.
Warm a pea-sized amount of wax between your palms.
Mix ingredients in a 1:1:1 ratio.
Experiment with different hairstyles and clothing styles.
Incorporate Omega-3 acids into your diet.
Be comfortable in your signature look.
Reduce your stress.
Make sure your clothes are in the same color family.
Remove from heat and stir.
Repeat the previous step.
Place a strip on the covered area and let dry.
Press the flat iron onto the wrapped hair.
Mash up berries to make a pulp.
Pair brown boots with light wash jeans for a relaxed look.
Open your pores using any method you like.
Choose soft rollers if you plan to leave them in overnight.
Leave the clothes in direct sunlight for 3 hours.
Soaking for about ten minutes before washing is effective in helping to loosen soil.
At the end of the year, get classmates to sign your shirt.
Watch your body language.
Find out if you have any food sensitivities.
Be prepared for the cost.
Smell the mixture.
Put saddle soap on the tongues if the squeaking is coming from the laces.
Hold the hair inside the iron for approximately 10 seconds.
Step up the look with heels and simple jewelry.
Show off your bracelet!.
Fold the tie over the bottom portion of the hanger.
Book an appointment, and set aside at least 3 hours for the treatment.
Loosen your hair and repeat on the next section.
Have your pearls restrung every one or two years, especially if you wear them consistently.
Detox with matcha, lemongrass, and dill.
Try on pants before you buy them.
Mix all ingredients together.
Glue an end cap or cord cap onto each end of the cord.
Use an acid filler.
Remove your arm, from the baby's exterior portion of the sleepsack, once it is only a few inches past the baby's hands and at about the height of their elbows.
Understand what to expect.
Try a variety of belts.
Begin drinking water about an hour before your body wrap.
Choose the design that best fits your lifestyle and what you plan on doing with this watch.
Imagine a line running from the far shoulder to the bottom of the shirt.
Use nail polish remover and cotton balls.
Measure just below the armpits for the chest size.
Shampoo your hair.
Add a top coat to protect your nails from any more smudges.
Carry around a water bottle.
Select business colors or other colors that suit you.
Draw a curve up from M through O back to the bottom of your right hand vertical line.
Condition your hair: Hold a large piece of peel in both hands.
Coat each foot in paraffin wax.
Use accessories to create a fun but work-friendly outfit.
With sponges, start painting on the base colors.
Remove tartar and kill microorganisms with a vinegar solution.
Attach a clip to the back of the bow tie using hot glue.
Purchase a brush with a timer if you don’t clean your teeth long enough.
Have nice skin.
Experiment with your look.
Gather up all your stylish sunglasses and choose one to put in your purse.
Make sure you're eating enough food.
Go to a department store.
Try it with a knit cap or beanie.
Clean your face with water.
Combine a polo shirt and boat shoes for a business-casual look.
To rinse, remove the bra and let cold/warm water run through it, keeping the shape of the bra in tact.
Measure your string.
Assess your current hair.
Blend coconut oil with different oils to customize your cleanser.
Curl eyelashes and apply three coats of black or brown mascara.
Choose a well-ventilated area.
Put loose, translucent powder onto a powder puff.
Steam the pores on your client's face: The best way to steam pores from scratch, salons and spas usually have steamers for their aestheticians to use on their clients, is to take a warm towel and wrap it around your client's face for about two minutes.
Buy any color Sharpie.
Assuming you've decided to make the punch-out version, do as follows:.
Make your face look fantastic.
Snip off unruly hair using small-sized trimming scissors.
Use an "instant glow" moisturizer or shimmer lotion for highlights.
Loop a second band around the tines of the fork.
Treat an infection by visiting a doctor.
Apply a lip conditioner.
Make the cupcake bases out of the brown clay.
Store your silver jewelry correctly.
Stack your hangers on top of each other.
Wash your face with a facial soap/cleanser.
As a suitcase usually has two sides, use the side with your shoes in for extra little bits - your toiletries: You will need to take shampoo, toothpaste, shower gel and anything else you use on a day-to-day basis.
Leave your face clear of products.
Allow the design to dry.
Take any other measurement you have and convert the measurement when cutting the fabric you also have purchased.
Apply concealer over dark circles, blemishes and spots.
Dye the sectioned areas with the coffee.
Apply pureed onion to your scalp for a deodorizing hair mask.
Wear clothing that will leave the treated area exposed or is loose fitting.
Alternate between different types of footwear.
Moisturize your hair with shampoo, conditioner, and deep conditioner.
Place the template on the carton.
Keep healing wounds moist if you’re Type IV-VI.
SOAK!.
Finish shaping your hairline with guardless clippers.
Avoid butane-based shampoos.
Lie on the table, and be aware of your breathing.
Use a hair dryer to heat the wet surface.
Use a ruler to draw a straight line across your hoodie.
Place a sheet of paper on the floor against a wall.
Lay off the accessories.
Find out how to contact them, if you need to.
Wear sunscreen every day while using tretinoin cream.
Decide on the surgery.
Drink 12 to 16 cups (2,800 to 3,800 mL) of water daily to stay hydrated.
Use your favorite unperfumed cleansing cream or milk.
Try using adhesive tapes to hold things in place.
Brush any remaining hair to the back of your head.
Apply the mixture to your face with your fingers.
Don't layer.
Begin with a freshly washed face.
Tie rubber bands around the shirt.
Attach a Wave cleansing pad on the bottom of the Wave.
Use KTP laser or intense pulsed light treatments for discoloration and redness.
Wait 15 to 20 minutes to let the dye set.
Wear a monochromatic outfit and choker for a simple, clean look.
Brush your teeth with a toothpaste that has a nice mint smell.
Apply the lash glue to the outer seam of the eyelash strip with an applicator or small brush.
Empty out your products from their boxes/packets but keep them with other products of the exact same type.
Test the color on your skin before applying it to your brows.
Melt the oil and wax together, stirring constantly.
Take time for yourself.
Soften sharp lines with an eye smudger.
Tape down the cover on the side you just cut.
Take the clippers apart.
Put on finishing powder!.
Decide which sunglasses you should take with you.
Exfoliate your brow area 3 times a week.
Plug your tub and fill it with water.
Be homework savvy.
Gather the necessary ingredients.
Use your fingers to separate a small piece of hair from the outside of the right section.
Soak the clothes in a mordant for 20 minutes.
Start with dry hair.
Choose suspenders with clips for an easy-to-wear wardrobe staple.
Make a hole through the center of the earrings.
Place the left side of your dominant hand at the zero point of the ruler.
Add some leave-in conditioner or another product.
Take a nudist holiday.
Complete normally as for method one.
Select your hairspray based on your desired finish.
Drop 2 drops of castor oil into the palm of your hand.
Choose your online format.
Touch your curls as little as possible.
Go for a lower heat setting.
Learn to love, appreciate, respect and accept yourself.
Wet hair, if it is not already wet.
Ask for help.
Reduce your stress levels.
Combine tomato juice with cucumber extract.
Massage argan oil into your hair.
Buy water-based hydrators if you have oily skin.
Give off a professional vibe with a long jacket.
Add 2 drops of each of the three  essential oils.
Eat nutrient-rich foods.
Maintain your colour - not by regularly re-dyeing, as this is not a good idea, but by doing touch ups every five weeks to keep your colour.
Turn off the engine and lock the doors.
Spread a dollop of shaving cream around the bottom of the shaving bowl.
Dry the rose hips.
Try a variation.
Top off your look with your favorite sunglasses.
Ensure you have a healthy diet to keep your cheeks dimple-friendly.
Try a hair thickening product.
Remove the plastic wrap, t-shirt/towel and rinse out your hair.
Release the pins and your hair.
Get comfortable clothes.
Use an egg as a hair mask.
Consider adding salt or vinegar to the dye bath to help set the colors.
Install security software on your computer.
Choose skirt hemlines at or above the knee.
Avoid using force to open a stuck bottle.
Eat lots of food prior to your appointment.
Twist the ponytail or pigtails into a bun.
Heat your iron on low.
Add a minimum of 1/4 inch/6.3 mm seam allowance.
Condition your hair quickly.
Continue following this stroke method on the rest of your nails, making sure each is completely dry before starting a new coat.
Be sure to take care of your hair, no matter its condition.
Wear neutral or black trousers with bright tops for versatility.
Go polish and press-on free for a few days.
Consider steroid injections to reduce raised, thick burn scars.
Cross the scarf in front of your waist.
Talking to the person or making eye contact could be dangerous, because they are afraid to talk to you or are trying to hurt you.
Determine the type of coat you want.
Zigzag stitch the ends of the elastic together and sew the casing shut.
Learn the brands that fit you well so you don't need to measure as often.
Consider copying your design onto your sneakers using a pencil.
Unscrew your watch with scissors if you don’t have anything else on hand.
Create your line through trial and error.
Saturate your hair with a deep conditioner.
Stir in 4 to 5 packets of unsweetened Kool Aid.
The next layer which brings the total diameter to nearly ⁄2 inch (1.3 cm) is some sort of fuzzy stuff that's like the gray padding you see in some shipping envelopes -- it looks like lint.
Brighten dingy soles using toothpaste.
Don’t compare yourself to others.
Purchase or select rubbing alcohol or nail polish remover.
Put laces and insoles back in.
Create an all-white cat eye.
Fill a large pot about ⅔ full of water and bring it to a boil.
Stick a pad up your sleeve.
Decide what kind of tattoo flash art to buy.
Obtain a sewing machine.
Cover completely with mineral oil.
Don't bite your nails.
Pair ruffles with structured pieces to add an edge.
Find a trash bag.
Determine which massage style you would like to learn: Decide whether you want to learn a hard massage style like Deep Tissue Massage or Rolfing or softer massage techniques such as Ayurvedic massage or lymph drainage, massage with accessories like hot stones, etc.
Identify moments of physical pain and discomfort discreetly.
Wash your hair with pH balanced shampoos and conditioners.
Tie a forward knot with string 2 over the other strings.
Go for polished, new-looking boots for dressing up.
Use the power of your thumb to test the fit.
Purchase the "classics".
Try a half-up style if your hair is starting to frizz.
Pick out the elements that you like.
Apply a nail strengthener to support your fingernails as they heal.
Continue tying in this manner.
Use a brightening serum to easily lighten dark spots over time.
Try on a variety of glasses to see what works with your face.
Wear a dress shirt with nice pants or chinos to a formal setting.
Try (cautiously) using a hair dryer.
Measure your pupillary distance (PD).
Darken your hair with a coffee rinse.
Experiment with colorful and vibrant accessories.
Rinse your weave thoroughly with warm water.
Bend the ends of the arms gently.
Match your pants to the tailoring of your jacket.
Find a face wash which works for you.
Massage the scar to break up any scar tissue.
Apply a coat of leather conditioner.
Take the whipped mixture unto a bowl.
Allow the green tea to cool before using it.
Only buy what you need.
Create box braids on natural hair by doing multiple mini braids.
Keep a big piece of cloth for privacy, if desired.
Inspect your dressing table as you brush.
Dig out your credit card (or debit card with credit card privileges), that can be used to pay for your purchase.
Apply concealer to your under-eyes, the sides of your nose and any spots or blemishes.
Tuck a small braid along the side of your short hair.
Wear as many or as few clothes underneath your robe as you want.
Gather your hair into a ponytail.
Market your day spa.
Ask if laser skin lightening treatment is right for you.
Keep your valuables in a secure place.
Take care not to overdo it though.
Try alternating curls.
Spritz your sheets and bedding with a room or linen spray.
Always buy shoes that are of high quality.
Start the braid.
Apply a base lipstick color.
Follow the natural crease if you have upturned eyes.
Wear a swim cap while swimming to protect your hair from chlorine.
See a dermatologist or an esthetician.
Walk confidently.
Wake your skin up in the morning with a coffee-based mask.
Dry your shoes for about an hour.
Clean up any colour outside the edges of your nails with a cotton wool bud dipped in polish remover.
Apply your mascara.
Sew the fabric in the same formation that the pattern suggested.
Talk the talk.
Apply a lip balm to moisturize the lips.
Talk like a lady.
Moisturize eyelashes and eyebrows once a week.
Fold skirts into thirds to store them.
Put more water in to create a loose paste.
Avoid rubbing with a towel and dab to dry.
Get a good night’s sleep.
Make new outfits and accessories from old clothing.
Insert your dividers and planning sheets.
Work to avoid and remove corns.
Rock a sundress with your ankle-high wedge boots.
Wear your favorite colors.
Take your inseam by measuring between your groin and ankle.
Comb your hair before brushing.
Take bleach baths up to 3 times a week.
Roll the crotch up until it is flush with the top of the bundle.
Secure the ends of the fabric.
Avoid these gimmicks.
Change the design of the cap using scrapbook paper and Mod Podge.
Opt for short sleeves.
Whisk the ingredients together.
Try an anti-fungal cream if your cracked mouth is caused by yeast.
Put your hair up in a  bun .
Measure your arm.
Clean your makeup brushes.
Massage the scalp with finger tips (don't use nails) for 10 minutes to improve circulation.
Consider using hair-growth products.
Give limp hair a boost with a body wave perm.
Close one eye to start applying the eyeshadow.
Remove the elastic and examine your layers.
Change up the way you lace your shoes.
Ask the seller questions.
Dampen your hair in the sink, shower or with a spray bottle.
Use beet root juice for pink lips.
Chew gum to prevent bad breath.
Turn a large, sturdy shoe into a birdhouse.
Try a high, messy, fishtail braid with a halter dress.
Try a "Botox lip flip".
Read the tag to determine if the fabric is safe to bleach.
Straighten the beard with a flat iron to work out the curls.
Take a small amount of solid ganda beroza.
Use styling mousse for fine hair.
Repeat the process in 10-second increments until the wax is melted.
Select coats and jackets.
Remove the pot from heat and add 2 cups of water.
Take shorter baths and showers.
Consider thinning your hair.
Fill in the second color.
Fold down the excess cloth over the string.
Pack your dress in a suitcase if you are packing for a trip.
Cut around the shorts, leaving a ⁄2 in (1.3 cm) border.
Change the way you dress.
Check that the stilettos fit properly.
Hold a bridge to strengthen your lower back directly.
Find a brand that fits your body well.
Dry your hair with the diffuser.
Create your wings.
Lead with the pelvis.
Wash out.
Apply an eyelid primer for a more bold look.
Attach an eye hook or button on the outside of your wedding dress.
Go tan in the sun.
Open the jump ring using pliers.
Use a hat brush to remove dirt from your hat.
After 24 hours, take the shirt from the bag and run water over it.
Avoid updos for several days after getting new braids.
Use neem oil to have black hair.
Show off your sunglasses by hanging them on a felt hanger.
Apply hair product to enhance texture.
Try olive oil instead of conditioner.
Use a C/S clip to secure both ends of the bracelet.
Sew the side seams with a ⁄2 inch (1.3 cm) seam.
Add texture to your hair.
Hydrate and sleep well.
Wear statement jewelry to create a glam look.
Consider the source.
Apply a small amount of castor oil to your brow area at night.
Melt shea butter and coconut oil in the top of a double boiler.
Add most of the orange water or rose water, approximately 3/4 and your selected oils - up tp10 drops depending on oil and your preference.
Grab a different soft, lint-free cloth.
Fix a gaping neckline to refresh your favorite tops.
Think carefully before meeting anyone from online.
Be careful not to mistake fragrance oils for essential oils.
Check the length of the ribbon.
Choose your skates carefully.
Brush the hair on your crown.
Whip an egg in a cup and set it aside.
Use the remaining piece of hair in the ponytail to wrap around the elastic in the middle of the bow.
Stir in 1 tablespoon (15 milliliters) of witch hazel.
Add a well-made handbag.
Unwrap the towel on your body and apply a lotion from Bath and Body Works, The Body Shop etc.
Sell tickets.
Fold your cashmere to minimize wrinkles.
Sew on the elastic band.
Shave at least 1-2 days before your spray tan so your pores can close.
Minimize exposure to moisture.
Plug in your curling iron and start to pre-heat it.
Say to the person, "I love your bag!".
Remove the aloe mixture from the heat and allow it to cool slightly.
Ask a friend to supervise.
Pair the color of your belt to your shoes, if you decide to wear a belt.
Use the dye to achieve your ideal look.
Follow steps 1-5 for the second hand.
Place the shoes into the freezer.
Think about a design.
Flip the panty over.
Wash your hair with shampoo and conditioner.
Wear ripped jeans with your suede jacket.
Add a subtle shimmer to the upper lids, if desired.
Wrap yourself in wrap shirts.
Clip the sides of your hair out of the way and leave the top part loose.
Cover your hair with a shower cap to let it sit for 6 hours.
Grab the strand on the far left, and move it to the middle.
Store your leather shoes in a dark place.
Repurpose small jars for small items.
Be careful with patterns.
Don't be moody all the time.
Add liquid.
Pack a tie with a suit if you’re using a suit bag.
Fill in the eyebrows with brow powder, keeping to you or the model's natural brow shape (don't exaggerate the arch of the brow).
Use small cubes for small items and medium or larger ones for bigger items.
Begin to French braid the top part of your hair.
Focus on something else to take your mind off the piercing.
Gather all the items you'll need, including the child who needs their sleepsack changed for some reason.
Get tested for diabetes if you have permanent dark spots on your knees.
Brush it out, and then brush backwards.
Prepare to barter, if that is acceptable in the country you are visiting.
Add a belt around your waist where your shirt and bottom piece meet.
Request a modality you like.
Trim off the excess lace using a pair of fabric scissors.
Pour in the other ingredients.
No matter what you're doing you should always be dressed to impress.
Consider sanding the shrink film if you plan on painting it.
Consider adding some bronzer.
Style your hair to reduce frizz.
Consider ballet shoes and other flat options.
Open the website that you downloaded onto your desktop.
Avoid applying direct heat to leather shoes.
Twist 2 thin sections of hair into ropes and pin them back.
Choose tops.
Set a budget.
Blend the avocado flesh until it is smooth.
Find a trusted jeweler.
Highlight for the camera.
Knit every row until the gloves are wide enough to wrap around your palm.
Decide what to do with the jewelry you've put aside.
Blend the edges.
Mix and match styles.
Pick pants that match the rest of your wardrobe.
Pleat or gather the ruffle.
Place dryer sheets over and around the leather for a few days.
Remove as much slime as you can.
Use or gift.
Go for bright red to look bold.
Avoid being dirty!.
Apply a moisturizer to hydrate and prep your face.
Know where the restrooms are located at the residence, or wear a disposable diaper during that night (so you don't have to get up and trip over things in total darkness).
Draw designs using bleach.
Peel and mash half a banana in a bowl using a fork.
Lay the brief on a flat surface.
Comb or brush your hair until it’s tangle-free.
Prevent loosening skin naturally by taking care of your health.
Go through everything in your closet.
Get a tan if you have naturally pale skin.
Use a suede bar or eraser for stubborn scuffs.
Proceed with your string art pattern.
Hold the section of hair straight above your head.
Always wear deodorant.
Cut the pieces!.
Use your body.
Know when to wear what.
Use a fabric softener sheet.
Try the garment on before shrinking it again.
Next morning, squeeze and pulp the softened soap-nuts with your fingers.
Focus on your positive aspects.
Wash your hands thoroughly.
Put each piece of clothing on a plastic hanger with the hook of the hanger pointing to the left.
Get creative.
Go with a small design for shorter nails.
Secure the wallet.
Heat the stones in water using a crock pot.
Fold one of the half's lengthwise.
Stick to your usual "look".
Flick bugs away rather than killing them if they land on you.
Remove your feet from the water and gently pat them dry.
Watch videos to learn more designs and techniques.
Get active while you're on the beach.
Wear a baseball cap for a sporty look.
Starting at the left number your strings, so that you have, in order from the left: 1a, 2a, 3a, 4a, 4b, 3b, 2b, and 1b at the very right.
Pour the melted lip balm around the cookie cutter.
Once you have a pretty good idea as to your client's skin type, you may be able to continue your regime.
Complete the braiding process again on the other side of your head.
Find different ways to style your hair.
Add a third band over your fingers.
Be one of a kind.
Run the tap water.
Determine whether you are precisely being followed.
Add a formal blazer or vest to dress up your jumpsuit.
Consider that other makeup can also irritate your eyes.
Keep your house clean and tidy.
Cut out a square of crepe paper approximately double the size of the lid.
Place your lashes back in the box.
Wash thoroughly before using.
Eat well.
Look into lip fillers.
Put on one coat of black or brown mascara if you want to.
Use brow powder.
Study for your tests.
Wash your beard once a week to preserve natural oils.
Wear colors that are appropriate for the season.
Use conditioner even when you don't shampoo.
Leave your hair to dry overnight, then style it with your fingers.
Place the new nose pad onto the mount and press it into place.
Ensure you are getting enough water.
Stroke gently over the eyelids with your ring fingers, from the inner to the outer corners.
Tie your bun in place with your braided strands.
Create a pair of holiday themed earrings.
Practice positive self-talk so that you build yourself up.
Wear sunglasses to protect your eyes from UV rays.
Try the “inversion” method.
Consider other bald hairstyle options first.
Brush through your extensions.
Always wear the same perfume, as this way people will recognize it as your scent.
Graft skin from elsewhere on the body over top a scar.
Check to see if the entire foot shows.
Volumize and condition.
Take care of your nails!.
Put the rest of your hair in a high Ponytail in the back of your head using a hair tie.
Use a spray-in conditioner that de-tangles.
Share your calendar.
Make sure you rinse the mixture out thoroughly.
Use metallic jewelry for a glamorous look.
Give your scalp time to air out.
Dry the purse.
Stitch the band.
Outline your eyebrow with either powder or an eyebrow pencil.
Remove the boot stretcher and put on the boot to see how it fits.
Add straps.
Revamp your wardrobe.
Pick an outfit.
Dip a cotton ball in nail polish remover and quickly swipe it across the nails.
Let the coffee cool.
Place your shoes in the freezer.
Choose a straight leg for a classic mom jean look.
Apply the mixture to the soles with a clean toothbrush.
Wear high heels if you have shorts legs to avoid looking stocky.
Most of the lines below are sized 24 to 32.
Do nail art.
If you own a cellphone/PDA with a calendar built in, program your events in there so an alarm goes off to remind you of it.
Scoop out a pea-sized amount of body butter with your fingers.
Audit a class at your preferred program if that is allowed.
Tilting your head to one side, smooth the product into your hair, in sections.
Put it in a bottle.
Spend less time in the sun, wind, or cold weather during the first 6 months.
As with your hair, your skin care routine should also be adjusted.
Practice good hygiene so you look and feel better about yourself.
Add accessories.
Purchase a shoe stretcher to stretch the sandals easily.
Try coconut water.
Pick platform shoes for a throwback look.
Do up your nails!.
Wear with pride!.
Try an egg white treatment.
Pick a large box or bag to transport the clothing.
Drink lots of water to stay hydrated.
Begin with an under cut or fade.
Give your hair a lift.
Realize that as soon as you purchase the garment, you've depended on your senses to have become courageous enough to wear one.
Get plenty of sleep!.
Allow the mask to sink in for 20 to 30 minutes.
Pick an a-line skirt for a night out with flats.
Also, bronzer works really well as a type of blusher, just apply as if it were blusher.
Find a shampoo and conditioner that really suits your hair.
Try working hair magic with vinegar.
Develop social graces.
Cut the excess fabric from the inside.
Wet a clean white cloth with the fabric cleaner.
Take your own measurements if you can’t find them on your glasses.
Stir the mixture with your spatula until everything is smooth.
Make a paste out of baking soda.
Get a chemical peel.
Apply a skin tone foundation all over your neck and face.
Sit in a comfortable position with your legs spread open.
Try microcurrent treatments to make your butt look taut and toned.
Find a matte eyeshadow (No sparkles or bright colours) that is either a bit darker or a bit lighter than your natural skin tone.
Curve the earpieces for a more secure fit.
Check the leather if it needs further cleaning.
Use this cream to remove makeup and moisturize under your eyes.
Fill your dishpan with warm water and two heaping tablespoons of Epsom salt.
Prep your nails.
Choose a bezel setting for wear and tear.
Dance when asked.
Avoid wearing mascara or choose a waterproof version.
Cover the container.
Subtract your band size from your bust size.
Find swimsuits that you personally love.
Use a topical hydrator that has aloe, honey, or marine extracts.
Turn your computer screen to its brightest setting.
Use the gel.
Choose a tongue scraper that suits your needs.
Get medical treatment for an allergic reaction to a natural remedy.
Say something in the moment.
Cut 3 coils of some memory wire.
Place sweater in a waiting towel and roll in order to remove excess water.
Zip up the sides of the boots if needed.
Remove tape strips.
Keep it natural.
Cut part of the stem off it bothers you.
Curl your lashes with an eye lash curler.
Apply a soft color--brown, blue mascara--to lower lashes.
Apply to your face.
Prepare the dye, if needed.
Cultivate a soul patch.
Repeat Steps 2 through 5 until finished.
Get some exercise.
Try turmeric.
Wear a ballerina bun.
Work wonders with a short-hair French twist.
Cleanse and moisturize your face every day to remove make up and keep your face feeling refreshed.
Be pretty, kind, and easy to get along with.
Fold sweaters rather than hanging them.
Count how many umbrellas you own.
When you are satisfied with the smell, pour the mixture into another bowl using the strainer so hardly any leaves will fall in.
Wrap the end around the peak.
Take all your notes with you to the meeting, if you feel comfortable with that.
Take the sections of your hair that you want to highlight, and separate it COMPLETELY from the rest of your hair.
Get a topical steroid cream if you have a bacterial infection.
Use a fan to speed things along.
Place the shrink film on top of the image, and trace it using a permanent marker.
Wear the eternity ring between your wedding and engagement rings.
Smooth out the channel and the block with fine-grit sandpaper.
Have the wearer try the garment on to make sure everything fits in its correctly-styled proportions.
Mark the same measurement on the other side of the fleece.
Mix for a few minutes to try and combine the ingredients as smoothly as possible.
Mix the brown sugar and olive oil.
Apply the facial using your fingers.
Purchase a roll of self-adhesive cork.
Add a drop or two of the the isopropyl or rubbing alcohol.
Allow the wand to dry for a minute or two before replacing it in the mascara tube.
Attach the replacement band to your Apple Watch.
Cut the pieces of fabric into rectangles of the same size.
Find a stall.
Prime and exfoliate your lips.
Pull the string around the other side so that it meets the first string.
Dampen your hair.
Make sure that the work boots you choose fit correctly.
Use hair clips to create volume.
Melt ⁄4 cup (59 ml) of coconut oil.
Place your dyed shirt in a sealable plastic bag or garbage bag for 24 hours.
Put on a pair of strappy sandals.
Match a nail tip to each of your nails so that the sides align well.
Use “active” tampons for physical activity.
Make the sole.
Apply it inside your mouth for nerve pain, cold sores, or throat irritation.
Ask the dry cleaners to shrink it.
Stand up for yourself politely but firmly.
Set up a sort of "cleaning station" next to your kitchen sink.
Secure the braid with an elastic when it reaches the back of your crown.
Sanitize your clothing naturally with white vinegar.
Be cautious if you feel a tingling when you color your hair.
You will have four pieces of fleece.
Rub a small amount of coconut oil through your hair.
Try them on and consider returning them.
Twist the hair into a bun and tie it up with a soft scrunchie.
Heat up a liner pencil.
Make her laugh.
Note whether your stretch marks are red or white in color.
Wear body-shaping undergarments.
Dab rosewater on at the end of the day to gently remove makeup.
Choose the desired features.
Wear a wig cap to conceal your hair.
Rock an open-toe high heel.
Choose a neutral colored bag to match as many outfits as possible.
Hold the unwanted hair between your thumb and index finger where you have already applied the ganda beroza.
Go with thick, fun socks for a quirky winter outfit.
Screw the cap on tightly after each use.
Scoop the resulting scrub into a jar.
Take a warm shower.
Organize everything in your closet.
Melt the mixture in the microwave.
Add the clothing to the washer.
Leave your hairbrush to air dry.
Select clothing according to your workplace style.
Swirl the drops together until you get the look you want.
Stop worrying about what other people think about you.
Try groin exercises like leg lifts.
Jump into the shower and wash it off once dry.
Fill the inside with epoxy or clear, dimensional paint/glaze.
Make the vamp flat by sewing a line at the front of vamp.
Maintain a healthy immune system.
Spray child's hair thoroughly until darker and damp.
If you use an electronic calendar on your computer or phone, set reminders to pop up enough in advance of your appointments.
Finish with yellow.
Get the piercing over with quickly.
Apply the glass etching substance using the cotton swabs.
Keep it messy.
For a less dramatic alternative, you can draw on smaller, closer together eyelashes that all go in the direction of your outer eye corner.
Now select auto layout from the text menu or toolbar icon, you will now have the auto layout dialogue box.
Hem the edges of the sleeves and body if desired.
Look for sheer, soft fabrics that drape across your body and cling to your curves.
Choose your frame style, color of frame, and lens type.
Analyze your wardrobe.
Iron your hair in the pin.
Thread thick yarn or thin rope through a safety pin or paper clip and tie.
Salt water, chlorine, ammonia, vinegar = DANGEROUS!.
Allow lots of room between multiple pieces of jewelry.
Lay the shirt flat on the floor or another surface.
Carry a paintbrush so people know you’re Bob Ross.
Find a good piercing/tattoo parlor.
Don't wear the same foundation color year round.
Add the chosen amount of sugar and oil to a bowl.
Find out where you are going.
Plan a routine.
Arrange your strings according to your preference.
Make your own!.
Clean diamonds with soapy water.
Allow the web to fully dry before applying the top coat.
Choose wedges for outdoor events.
Look for a slim-fitting shirt that fits you well.
Use a tongue scraper for a more effective clean.
Use a facial moisturizer.
Pull your hair into a bun and wait for the recommended processing time.
Tie the ends of the shoelace in a double knot.
Apply a base-coat to protect your natural nails.
Wait for the eyeliner to dry.
Have the shoemaker put on a small piece, 1/4" thick, of very high density rubber at the most rear part of the heel for durability.
Tell your doctor if your nipples don’t lighten after pregnancy or breastfeeding.
Always take notes in class.
When all else fails, take your watch to an experienced jeweler.
Store in the bathroom.
Contact a Conservation Agent to see what fur buyers are in your area.
Talk to your doctor before taking any dietary supplement.
Roll up your socks and fold your undergarments.
Use Nerium night cream each night to improve your results.
Find a good tailor.
Once the bangle passes the widest part of your hand, push it up onto your wrist, remove the plastic bag, and enjoy!.
Place your block of soap on a cutting board and get a snap-off utility knife.
Use sun protection.
Make sure you meditate, there are quite simply too many positives to just ignore it.
Put a light brown eyeshadow over your entire lid and blend into your crease.
Take the file.
Add charms or beads to the end of the bracelet.
After Bath Massage: Blend 20 milliliters (0.68  fl oz) of base oil with 2 drops of lavender oil, 1 drop of eucalyptus oil and 1 drop of rosemary oil.
Splash your face with cool water, then pat it dry.
Take a strip of hair from each side of the head along the sectioned line in the middle.
Put on a base coat to protect and strengthen your nails.
Whip-stitch or zigzag-stitch around the edges of pieces #3 and #4.
Find a suitable container.
Store smaller items in pouches to keep them from getting lost.
Trim the hair beneath your fingers.
Keep your dyed hair up.
Check the bags.
Put your hair up and leave for 30 minutes.
Add the solution and 2 drops of liquid dish soap to a spray bottle.
Wrap a strip of denim around the top of your foot and glue it to the hem.
Realize this is not your decision.
Rinse off the lemon juice completely.
Clean satin shoes carefully.
Try out different cups if your first one doesn't feel right.
Opt for a lip implant for a permanent solution.
Protect yourself and your work area.
Cut the removed sleeves using the well-fitting sleeves as guides.
Hold the Wave under warm running water.
Use a wide-toothed comb.
See your doctor if your scar doesn’t improve or it bothers you.
Pour the 3-in-1 solution into your bottle, using the funnel to make the job easier.
Put 1/2 cup (113 g) of fenugreek seeds into a small slow cooker.
Add some hair to the outer strand.
Start with a small section close to your hair line.
Be comfortable while working out.
Rule of thumb: an article of clothing that says "Lifeguard" should be visible at all times.
Then, place the jewelry behind the taper and slowly move the taper out and push the jewelry through.
Cease use if you notice a bad reaction.
Use henna.
Heat your coconut oil.
Select a type of thread that matches your shirt’s color and texture.
"True to size"  What does it mean?.
Alter your diet.
Wash your face with an exfoliant.
Put one foot in front of the other.
Embrace brown lips.
Engagement and wedding rings, though typically not too big, are traditionally worn on the left hand.
Comb the beard.
Emphasize your legs by wearing a midi dress or skirt.
Finish with a little more gel.
Choose an outfit.
Use a fine- or medium-tooth comb for firmer, cleaner styles.
Now that your clothes are ready, time for the act that isn't actually an act.
Pop the shoulders on your suit jacket inside out.
Mix in enough yogurt to form a thick paste.
Hide or tolerate what you can’t remove.
Find out about what sort of fashions/styles you're interested in.
Remember clean and tidy is sexy.
Massage your hands.
Think about previous sexual encounters.
Pick specific fashion goals.
Note any worsening bleeding, pain, redness, and swelling.
Use pants made with lighter fabrics.
Put the mixture in the microwave and microwave it for about 5 minutes.
Apply a product.
Remember, less is more.
Clean your lips.
Connect the bidet to the water supply.
Visualize.
On the cloth part of the shoe, use the toothbrush and scrub just the stains on it.
Wear Crocs for wet and water-based activities.
Don't wear shoes when you don't have to.
Rip open the Kool-Aid packets of your desired color and pour it into the cups of water individually.
Cover the post with antibiotic ointment.
Keep the slide worn low.
Make a habit of removing clothes to wear from the same end of any given queue (such as the right side) and adding freshly cleaned ones to the other end (such as the left side).
Choose a haircut that matches your styling and maintenance preferences.
Hang the hoodie and tape the sleeves so they're out of the way.
Pull your French braids so they are loose.
While it's filling, get an air freshener and spray a few sprays over the bath.
Measure your head twice for accuracy.
Evaluate where you will use your calendar system.
Then with the extra boiled water, pour it into a bowl and put a towel over your head and lay your face just a bit away from the bowl.
Cut your own hair.
Wear your canvas shoes around your house if you can.
Go shopping with girlfriends.
Fold the sleeves in on the paper so they're crossing over each other.
Determine your skin type.
Keep your kit in a handy place where you can easily access it.
Wet Or Damp Your Hair (Preferably wet).
Fasten the ends.
Hide spider veins with waterproof concealer.
Get down to the "brass tacks" on getting that tackle box in order.
Spit the water out after it goes through the hole, it contains pus and bacteria that you don't want to ingest.
Wear a scarf for a simple fix.
Put a bead of red polish on the flat surface.
Snap the ends together to close the bead.
Try embellished or colorful booties with a black dress for a bold date look.
Put antiperspirant on your scalp before bed if excessive sweating is an issue.
Choose the part of the backpack you wish to embellish.
Exercise as always.
Don't get overly anxious about anything.
Purchase dental flossers that are on a stick.
Dry your face using a towel.
Begin twisting hair in one inch sections.
With this section of hair still lifted, firmly press the desired Bumpits behind the part line.
Work on something you love.
Get rid of dark circles under your eyes.
Report counterfeits directly to MAC.
Wash your hands.
Apply a thin layer of clear top coat over each nail.
Use distilled water in your vinegar pickle.
Choose wedges if you want a slightly more casual look.
Paint your nails with a top coat, then carefully press the letter cutouts onto your nails.
Start by choosing a bag to use.
Pour the soap into a mold of choice, or hand mold into balls.
Use eye drops.
See your tattoo artist if you think you're allergic to the ink.
Give him music.
Don't compare yourself with others.
As the gelatin cools and sets, it will be harder to apply.
Pass the entrance exams.
Choose the overall shorts you feel most comfortable wearing.
Stick with trusted friends (like kids you knew for quite a while), and trusted adults.
Knot the corners over your right hip.
Make a fold in the sleeve so that it’s parallel to the center line.
Make food earrings.
Love your look.
Consider using pads.
Draw a line to the time of the appropriate event so it can't be misconstrued for another.
Take care of yourself and your belongings.
Wash your toothbrush travel case frequently.
Choose a subtle color change.
Offer to make the appointment for him.
Pour 10 drops of peppermint oil into the bottle.
Go over your lashes with a few coats of mascara and let it dry.
Find the center of your ankle bracelet.
Go relaxed chic with an oversized sweater and ankle boots.
Apply a lip-plumping lip gloss or lipstick for a quick fix.
Deep condition your hair every week.
Take steps to stop if you bite your nails.
Wear high heels for a tall, sleek look.
Use special wipes to protect your Filas when you’re on-the-go.
Rinse the petals and lavender buds gently with water.
With your skin type in mind, decide what form of foundation you would most like: liquid, crème compact, or powder.
Use a homemade silver cleaner.
Avoid dermabrasion which could cause more keloids.
Rinse out thoroughly with warm water.
Apply a firm mascara, starting at the base of the lashes.
Apply a reverse French manicure.
Heal damaged skin with argan oil.
Wrap the rest of the twisted hair around the coil.
Get your hair ready for layering.
Thread another bead onto the wire, and wrap it through the bobby pin again.
Divide the hair at the front of your head into 3 sections.
Make the shoelace, counter and vamp.
Don't go overboard on your look.
Leave it on your hair to set for approximately 5 minutes.
Make sure the students have enough time to shower.
Don't buy anything noticeable.
Clean your pocket watch once  a month.
Relax.
Put them on.
Be mindful of the way you’re moving.
Eat foods that are healthy and nutritious for glowing skin.
Put the end of the tape measure at the base of the neck on your back.
Put the blush on your brush, tapping off any excess or put a dab of gel on your fingers.
Iron your cotton pants with steam to control the shrinking.
Combine 2 flat twist headbands to create a flat twisted halo.
Gently peel the strip off.
Skip the roadside stands.
Socialize more.
Use hairspray as a sealant for artwork.
Avoid shampoos with extra oils added into the formula.
Steam your face.
Apply argan oil to wrinkles to hydrate the skin and reduce wrinkles.
Use your thumb and forefinger to curl your bangs, or smaller pieces in front.
Smooth the top layer of hair.
Part your hair into four or five sections.
Wear light colors and horizontal stripes.
Moisturize more frequently when the weather is dry.
Put on some cute accessories!.
Try the egg, olive oil and honey treatment.
Put a small slit on the inside of you clothing.
Add fringe to the side.
Tuck into tunic sweaters.
Choose v-necks.
Get a full night's rest.
String beads onto each safety pin.
Roll the top edge of your suit jacket loosely down to the bottom edge.
Sleep 8-10 hours every night so that you're well-rested.
Maintain.
Place your shoes and laces into the washer with detergent.
Take care of your eyes.
Buy an ultrasonic cleaner.
Try a haircut if all else fails.
Cut a 10-inch (cc-centimeter) long piece of thin beading wire.
Only use this method for canvas or synthetic vans.
Write down the color combination after you have dyed your hair.
Wear chunky sneakers to balance out your look.
Break apart your curls.
If name brands are important to you, it's okay to buy a pair of jeans or a sweater from an expensive store but it may not be a smart move to spend all your money in stores where you won't get as much bang for your buck.
Divide the loop of hair in half, placing a finger into each loop and stretching the loop into two even sides.
Pull the hair through a hair tie.
Fold 0.25 in (0.64 cm) of the rickrack under and tack it in place.
Roll the sock into a donut shape.
Decide on whether to purchase a natural or synthetic loofah.
Wear your scarf as a headband.
Choose the color of hair dye you would like to purchase.
Set your style with hairspray.
Be nice to others.
Pick no more than 2 jewelry pieces to add to the look.
Wash your dyed items with cold water to prevent them from bleeding.
Start with a body wash.
Apply a leave-in conditioner.
Whip 3 tablespoons (45 grams) of shea butter in a bowl until it turns creamy.
Pick a hoodie that is 2 sizes larger than your usual size if you want an oversized look.
Clean your leather dress shoes.
Use a magazine holder to store your curling iron under your sink.
Research the stores in your area that sell specialty safety shoes and boots.
Add mild detergent.
Moisturize frequently by applying generous amounts of high quality lotions/creams that are designed to add extra moisture to the skin.
Tie your shirt tails in the front to create a cute bow accent for your outfit.
Close the hooks with pliers, if needed.
Now is the time to make a handle too.
Use medicated lotions for shoulder blade pain.
Use Toms as comfortable traveling shoes.
Read the "Frequently Asked Questions" page.
Pin the waistline seam.
Cinch your poncho at the waist with a belt to emphasize your curves.
Tuck in your jeggings.
Prep the toothpaste tube.
Use a wet cleaning cloth and some dish-washing liquid.
Decide on any crossover activities.
Add more serum if needed.
Use henna to naturally stain your hair reddish-brown.
Try wearing boots with jeans.
Tap off any excess powder from the powder puff.
Make a ponytail.
Use the measuring tape to measure around your back and the fullest point across your breasts.
Talk to your doctor about using minoxidil (Rogaine) on your face.
Shower elsewhere whenever possible.
Apply 1 coat of mascara to your lashes.
Purchase a hair removal wax.
Apply the self-tanner as directed.
Start with a highlighter.
Avoid wearing red with red.
Clean the outside of your purse with warm water.
Cover body acne with theater-caliber makeup, powder, and setting spray.
Wash your sweater in cold water and dry on low to avoid shrinking.
Choose a ring that is the same width as your current jewelry.
Dry indoors.
Set scaling to 100% and center the picture (it will make it easier for cutting).
Find a patch or suitable patching material.
Cut a piece of elastic 1 inch (2.5 cm) shorter than your measurement.
Discuss expectations with the recipient.
Personality: One of the most important things is to have a good personality.
Review your master list at the end of each day and ask yourself "What on this list needs my attention within the next 24 hours so that it doesn't become a critical item?".
See a dermatologist for a prescription dry skin cream if it’s severe.
If your item can stand it, tumble dry.
Tie the second bandana around the first knot.
Start by towel-drying your hair.
Eat plenty of vitamins and protein.
Apply 2 coats of polish, allowing your nails to air-dry between coats.
Stick to casual footwear like high-top trainers, Converse, Chukkas, leather boots, or loafers.
Wear your glasses on the top of your nose.
Remove any toilet paper from the rolls.
Prepare your nails as usual for adding nail polish.
Lay the suit jacket face down on a flat surface.
Use coconut oil to fight frizz.
Grow them back.
Do daily cardio exercise.
Know what to avoid.
String on your pop tabs, one by one, as shown.
Gather the top three-quarters of their hair into a bun.
When you see an open drawer, close it.
Find an old, plain shirt that still fits you in your closet.
Wrap your twists into a bun for an elegant evening style.
Enhance the background or add sparkles.
Keep your piercing dry.
Change your clothes daily.
Wash especially dirty fabrics by hand after wearing them.
Apply the oil after you have pushed back your cuticles.
Experiment with different colors and shapes.
Treat dandruff.
Consider draping something above your mirror for a more girlish touch.
Apply the onion juice to your scalp and massage it in.
Choose side-swept bangs to downplay your forehead.
Prepare and stitch the two front pockets.
Pair it with leggings.
Comb your brows with a spoolie brush daily.
Spray both buns generously with hairspray and smooth a few drops of hairspray along the parting to prevent fly-aways.
Check Levi’s website for stores near you.
Change your typical hairstyle.
Wear a short-sleeved beach shirt and Panama hat for a summer look.
Distribute your weight evenly.
Know the risks of dermal fillers.
The rest of your face really just depends on how far you want to go makeup-wise.
Check out the Mobile Massage websites.
Go a little more glam on dates.
Sprinkle loose glitter over the wet polish.
Beat 1 egg in a small cup or bowl with a fork or mini whisk.
Be compassionate.
Continue this process.
Wear pigtails.
Hand wash your sweaters.
Talk to your doctor if your hair loss is causing you distress.
Adjust your daily calorie intake.
Purchase your cup online or in a store.
Understand that you are entitled to happiness and joy.
Tick them off.
Visualize you’re somewhere beautiful to help relax yourself.
Leave your binder off while you're sleeping.
Decide where to place the slit of the ruffle: .
Step into the sarong or draw it over your head.
Go for the faux undercut.
Wait until your pants are dirty to wash them.
Try making wigs for other characters.
Prepare by washing your hair thoroughly.
Sew the long edge of the flap (the side WITHOUT the button holes)to your former zipper along the inside of the zipper opening on one side.
Look into using 5-FU with corticosteroid injections for better results.
Start from the inside out.
Choose colorful paper for your umbrella.
Pour egg yolk into bowl.
Put a hard water filter on your showerhead.
Keep your hair well conditioned.
Draw the crotch from the bottom.
Separate your hair from your bangs, if needed.
Consider not wearing the item for a period of time until the next trend is well underway.
Opt for skinnier wedges if you have skinnier legs.
Think about how you team textures.
Place the jeans into the washer and let it run through 1 cycle.
Wear an oversized knit sweater on a chilly day.
Use hydrating conditioner on slightly-to-moderately dry hair.
Make an egg white face mask to combat excess greasiness.
Mix 16 cups (3,800 mL) of water and ⁄4 cup (59 mL) of Clorox bleach in a basin.
Be proud of your changing body.
Trim your curls.
Choose your fake nose ring variety.
Place the lip balm into the fridge so that it can set quickly.
Put oil into the container.
Make sure the diamonds aren't just tilted squares.
Eat enough protein.
Finish with lipstick.
Look "in season".
Seek professional medical help if you experience side effects.
Choose a stretch jean.
Before the massage, a hot sauna or shower, if possible is nice.
Arrange your hair into an even shape around your head.
Line the storage area with anti-moth paper or balls.
Grab a tie in each hand.
Prime your eyes with a good primer.
Style linen pants with fun accessories for brunch with friends.
Sweep up hair.
Install hooks on the sides of dressers and shelves.
Tousle your bangs gently.
Make tons of friends.
Wear what you think you look best in.
Check the environment.
Hold one canvas tennis shoe.
Let the shoes dry.
Condition your leather shoes regularly to prevent cracking.
Cover the bowl.
Use a mild soap for bathing.
Take some coriander leaves to grind and boil it with water.
After each curl, pin the curl to your head with a hairpin.
Add the cocoa butter and chopped leaves to the soap and stir.
Place a large rubber band 1 inch (2.5 cm) from the edge of the new gasket.
Attach the chains to the  respective jump rings, right and left.
Avoid storing your shoes near direct heat or sunlight.
Eat blueberries.
Consider the many styles and sizes of umbrellas.
Get an airbrush tan.
Let your nails dry.
Wrap the cut-off hem around the V, starting at the top.
Use a straight razor or safety razor to shave with the grain.
Check for any potential underlying conditions.
Apply a glossy, fast-drying top coat to help your nails dry.
Apply an oil based protector to your hairline before dying your hair.
Eat lentils.
Eat plenty of vitamin and biotin-rich foods.
Cut your pattern along the new lines.
Write in a journal.
Apply some steam beneath the brim of the hat.
Remove oil stains with some cornstarch or talcum powder.
Have your partner slide dental floss under the edge.
Add a little texturizing spray before "bunning" for a better hold.
Wet the skin.
Add pain medications.
Machine-wash only when the "delicate fabric" setting is used.
Dispose of your makeup if it smells bad or looks discolored.
Select a few scarves and hats to keep you warm.
Make sure that each earring is all the way in.
Use whole fat milk and raw honey.
Rinse the fabric in cold water, hand wash, and air dry.
Put the yellows (yolks) into a plastic food storage container, or into a bowl that can be easily sealed.
Unfold and stack your fabric.
Eat foods rich in biotin.
Bring Left to the upper center and bring vertical line.
Compare prices between different sellers.
Slip two to three hair ties onto your wrist.
Try a reverse french manicure.
Select a longer skater skirt if you prefer to show less skin.
Give your favorite sweater a break.
Wash your face with warm water in the morning before going to school to look fresh, especially if you are not a morning person!.
Mark the location of the button holes on the inside of the pants after the flap is sewn in place.
Ease the battery from the casing.
Clean the inside of your car.
Close the box and move it to storage.
Leave plaits in overnight.
Wear a fitted top and leather jacket with your pants for an evening out.
Stop staining your lips with cigarettes, soda, and coffee.
Tell your technician if you feel intense pain.
Give your body a full exfoliation.
Wear them up on your hips.
Follow the rules of using analogous, complementary, or monochromatic colors.
Try to avoid using a lot of face make-up.
Bleach light underwear with lemon juice.
Always keep your hair nice-looking.
Rule out allergies.
Comb in temporary hair dye for a more permanent fix.
Cover your legs - Don’t forget the legs!.
Caring for any undergarments begins with proper fitting at the time of purchase.
Splash your skin with warm (not hot) water.
Apply a leather shoe conditioner.
Slick your hair back into a ponytail for a runway-ready look.
Apply permanent adhesive Velcro dots to the seams where the threading used to be.
Use 1 or 2 drops of castile soap on your toothbrush for a non-abrasive toothpaste.
Hire your employees.
Purchase the ring and follow through with your commitment.
Mix egg yolk with honey, until both are smooth.
Schedule an initial consultation with the provider.
Remember always that its your body, your rules.
Avoid making assumptions about their hygiene.
Style your hair differently.
Complete your application with a setting powder and spray.
Use headbands if you don't want to use ponytails.
Unscrew the pipe from the flushing tank or from the water supply faucet.
Use a detangling shampoo in the shower.
Remove from heat.
If you used non-slip fabric or are confident no one will slip in the slippers, you can skip this step.
Tuck your pants into crew socks for a bold look.
The suit is a very important part of a man's wardrobe.
Wear scrunchies.
Add highlighter on your Cupid’s bow to reflect light.
Pull your ponytail apart for instant volume.
Measure out how much you want to make.
Check yourself before you leave the house.
Help out local churches or schools if they're having fundraisers.
Make sure you wash your hair and moisturize to get shiny and healthy hair.
Wear socks or tights.
Choose a dry shampoo or powder to soak up the oil.
Mix the dry ingredients together but leave out the tea leaves for now.
Choose a pair of shoes.
Prevent contact with allergens and irritants.
Wrap one section around your hairband and pin it down.
Play more confidently by using positive self-talk.
Clean the basin.
Make a loose knot on one side of the scarf.
Sew in the patch with a sewing machine.
Choose a foundation.
Refrigerate the gelatin until it solidifies.
Get rid of body acne.
Steer clear of foods that might dry out your lips.
Choose a tunic that’s right for your height.
Wear simple underwear under your wedding dress.
Place the clothing in the freezer to make removing the glue easier.
Consider purchasing directly from the source.
Place a buttonhole towards the point of the flap.
Require your kids to use completely-fingerless mittens whenever they wear this type of garment.
Write a word in the Search engine at the top of the site.
Pull it as tight as possible and a loop on top will appear while a starting knot just below it.
Read the dress code.
Accept your identity—don't fight it.
Blend products together.
Remove the temporary tie that you added above.
If possible, use cold-water soap, avoiding hot water.
Position the rubber band near the bottom of the ponytail.
Don't leave your makeup laying out at home.
Create a fish-tail braid for a fun, textured look.
Pour about 1 cup (240 mL) of very hot water over the soap.
Be thankful when you get your paycheck that you have a job.
Follow a healthy diet.
Carry a magic cleaning sponge with you for quick spot treatments.
Secure your hair with a hair elastic.
Connect the lobster clasp to your charm with a ring.
Tie the sides of the scarf at the back of your head.
Start shopping in January or February when the selection of prom dresses is the largest.
For people with tiny red spots, pimples, or red skin on their cheeks, do not use blush.
Bottle the rice water in your favorite container.
Make origami earrings.
Glue fake flowers onto the umbrella to imitate nature.
When putting on or taking off an undergarment, take special care to avoid snagging it with your fingernails.
Rinse with warm water.
Pair your flannel with a string of pearls for an elegant touch.
Pull silk flowers off of their stems.
For a more 'day time look' apply a few coats of mascara and curl your lashes.
Transfer the paste to the powder compact or other container you're using.
Avoid coming off as snobby, overly confident or vain, as this will push people away instead of attracting them.
Pay attention to the yoke of your jeans.
Bring the ends forward.
Buy a few bags that go with most of your outfits.
Choose the desired fabric.
Blow dry at an angle.
Check for a white dustbag with the Prada logo printed in black on it.
Use a fine-tipped tool like an eyeliner brush.
Avoid touching your earrings, especially with dirty hands.
Dilute a heavy foundation with moisturizer.
Visit your doctor as soon as possible if you can’t remove the cup.
Brush on the liner.
Pick a stone that fits your style.
Understand that your daily 'to-do' list should change because of the differing priorities that each day brings.
Tousle and set your bangs.
Make sure that your running shoes are right size for you.
Comb your hair when it’s damp for the gentlest way to detangle it.
Estimate an ideal boot shaft height.
Get a layered cut.
Purchase denture or retainer cleaner.
Use a Q-tip.
Get a set of wet-set hair rollers.
Smudge the liner with a brush to create a more smokey effect.
Use circular pressure with the heels of your hands near their hips.
Avoid flea markets and street vendors.
Place the beeswax and coconut oil into the upper portion of the double boiler.
Become a good listener.
Insert a pin into the center of the nail glue tip or where indicated.
Apply the glowing polish.
Tone up.
Rinse out the shampoo.
Be sure to include a wallet or purse containing money and an ID.
Be polite.
Slide the band to the left.
Trim your hair every 6-8 weeks.
Check the angle of the toes.
Pick a plastic or fabric visor for an athletic look.
Pluck off the petals from 12 fresh roses.
Pin your hair half-up.
Create the first stitchings of the braid.
Get any stitches removed when your doctor recommends it.
Gather fabric swatches, scissors, needle and thread.
Avoid sharing any eye makeup with other users.
Increase your iron and zinc intake.
Eat healthily.
Look around the house for items you can turn into containers.
Consider perfume or body spray.
Try the baths.
Be relaxed in your emotions and sense of self.
Find a place where you have good air flow.
Get dressed - Always have a L.B.D.
Add your eyeliner.
Pick a storage area that is dry and out of direct sunlight.
Pop on a jacket or blazer to transition your dress to the cooler months.
Continue to Dutch braid until you reach your nape.
Let any mud or dirt dry before cleaning your shoes.
Look fabulous.
Pair your shirt with a chunky statement necklace for an artistic vibe.
Invest in some shapewear for fitted, high-waisted shirts.
Place the sole so that the part that the straighter part lines up with the fold.
Bring all necessary materials to your work area.
Add some milk or raw apple cider vinegar, if desired.
Pick a dark-colored skater skirt if you want to look thinner.
Smile !.
Apply some lotion.
Stretch problem spots with a ball-and-ring stretcher.
Choose a plain, white toothpaste without silica.
Lean over slightly and brush your hair forward.
Get at least 7 hours of sleep each night.
Fix a broken zipper yourself instead of replacing the garment.
Remove salt stains with a little white vinegar.
Add a satin headband.
Begin with some stretches right after you wake up.
Once you have done this, repeat the process with another layer of conditioner.
Stir the mixture in the jar thoroughly for 1-2 minutes.
Use your henna mixture!.
Protect your skin, clothing, and work surface.
Hire a local carpet cleaning company to die your Carpet.
Make sure you remove your makeup at the end of the day.
Choose a ball gown if you are buying the dress for a formal occasion.
Use a mirror.
Avoid situations where your dress could get caught.
Take care of your face.
Add a splash of color with a cravat or a pocket square.
Put on your cap.
Continue repeating this pattern.
Take a thin to medium-sized section of hair.
Pat on concealer in a V-shape under your eyes to cover dark circles.
Close the bottle and shake it.
Blend in a liquid concealer with a blending sponge.
Consider waxing for long-term prevention.
Do a little research.
Spray the gloves generously with the solution.
Use a straightening iron if necessary.
Set the hair that frames your face.
Move to a position behind your partner's head.
Rinse the mixture off of your pubic hair with warm water and a washcloth.
Determine the length of your bangs.
Clean your piercing thoroughly before you sleep that night using normal procedure.
Wear sunscreen or protective clothing to protect the scar from sunlight.
Take a section of hair and twist it.
Do whatever you need to survive if someone tries to attack you while you are home alone (besides the invader).
Rinse your fabric again in cool water.
Stay away from alcohol and caffeine.
Change how you part your hair.
Pour a right amount of olive oil and rub thoroughly on your hair for a period of time till you think it has been massaged evenly.
Be prepared to use make-up.
Get a unique or cool hairstyle that suits you.
Leave the jacket in the bleach solution for 25 minutes.
Use a damp makeup sponge to soften the lines between where you've removed excess foundation and the rest of your makeup.
Select a loose cotton shirtdress to stay cool in the summer.
Mix your ingredients together in a bowl.
Wrap the strip of paper around your bracelet.
Make sure you’re getting 7-9 hours of sleep a night.
Smooth on some lip primer using a small makeup brush.
Grab your tools.
Eat 2 to 3 servings of fruits rich in lycopene to lessen skin damage.
Think through your hygiene and beauty routines.
Add foundation to areas that require more coverage.
Scrub your clippers.
Pair your favorite jumpsuit with white booties.
Enter the shower area.
Wear mascara to open up your eyes.
Pinch point A with your left hand and point B with your right.
Trim any loose edges.
Observe proper and correct posture.
Separate light and dark colours when washing to avoid stains.
Don’t stand too close to the camera in group photos.
Get your scissors/clippers and cut them a bit, so they are ok to work with.
Create your own mascara.
Get medical attention for severe or unexplained itchy skin.
Put on any finishing touches.
Consider other alternatives.
Connect to a time when you felt accepting of yourself.
Offer concrete reasons why the stone should be reset.
Repeat 4-7 until your bracelet is as long as you want it to be.
Don't soak your jacket.
Brush your hair into whatever style suits you.
Wait 2 hours after taking activated charcoal before taking prescribed medication.
Get a brush with different modes to have multiple cleaning options.
Visit their website.
Choose the right sleeve.
Rinse off the lashes.
Consider taking your ring to a jeweler.
Dye your hair blonde if you want a permanent blonde style.
Have an emergency cash.
Grow old gracefully, not by being stuck in time.
Rent a location to sell your products from a retail store.
Glue another extra piece of fabric to the toe area.
Experiment with an at-home treatment.
Secure braid.
Observe whether the square jawline comes with a long face.
Use ribbons on your box.
Condition regularly.
Watch the waistline on your jeans.
Wrap both side wires into a coil.
Use a protectant spray to cut back on cleaning.
Sleep on your back or side so you don’t crush your lashes.
Place your Apple Watch on its charger.
Exfoliate lips.
Put on thick socks.
Measure a length of chain which will fit comfortably around your ankle.
Wear black on black, if you have black leather leggings.
Be clear about your intentions.
Start with a very light color on your waterline.
Choose fitted shirts to help you look your best.
Beware unusually cheap prices.
Pour the lotion while it is still hot into the pint-sized (0.47 l) jars where it will be stored.
Try a pixie cut to bring out your facial features.
Don’t wash your hair every shower.
Keep an eye on advertisements.
Be humble.
Wash your feet daily and dry them well.
You can save your list in case you go back to the same place later on.
Don’t pluck ingrown hairs.
Visit your nearest police precinct during the day.
Repeat the process until you reach the nape.
Get measured and fitted at an independent lingerie boutique.
Avoid brushing dry hair.
Avoid swimming.
Take notice of the position of the battery.
Limit the number of faux fur accessories you wear.
Wash and dry hair.
Start with blow-dried hair.
Save your calendar.
Apply toothpaste to your silver rings.
Erase dirt and stains fast with nail polish remover.